1	(:D) its good for me I use to be a dancer. I danced for 10 years and quit because of the pressure of being good and etc and i don't regert it but i do miss it a little. I'm addicted to dance movies. This one is one of the best I've seen Great thats all i have to sa
0	Read the book instead Just a note to those who were uncomfortable watching this film with their children; movies have ratings for a reason. This movie is rated PG-13, which tells you up front that it has content that is considered inappropriate for children. In this case, it is crude humor. What I don't understand is why they made a movie with a story line aimed at a young audience, and then inclduded content that earned it a rating that recommends that a young audience shouldn't see it
1	Mummy Masterpiece I love the Mummy Series, and this HD Transfer of the Mummy Returns is all I could have hoped for and more. This is what HD is all about the visuals on this transfer are cracking and the sound pumps too, if you enjoy this movie as much as me and have HD buy this as its about as close as your going to get to perfect! A must have for showing off you HD TV and HD Player!!
0	Prom Night Years ago, a group of children playing accidently kill one of their friends, and decide to keep a secret. Years later when they're all in high school, the girls twin brother exacts bloody revenge against them. Your typical 80s horror film, not very notable other than Leslie Nielsen, and Jamie Lee Curtis. This is one prom, better left unattended
0	Almost, but not quite. As a fan of the Coen brothers I was very disappointed by this film because it was almost good. The snappy and perfectly timed dialogue they usually have never quite materializes here. The wonderful characters you would expect to find here are mostly hollow and not quite original or sharp. Add to this the fact that the original is a classic and in no way needed to be remade and it's a swing and a miss. This movie seems less like a Coen brothers movie than it does a movie made by fans of theirs that were stealing from them in uninspired ways
1	The clash of two cultures! Kaufman's adaptation of Michael Crichton's Japan-bashing potboiler is a realtively light approach, a simple buddy-cop movie featuring a pair of entertaining star performances. In spite of the fact the novel's alarmism about the dangers of a dominant Japan would soon be undercovered by a mellow script that confers much more importance to the opposite views between Eastern and Western worlds around a lot of issues, the director muted the xenophobic material that had made the book so terrific and brutal, transforming it into an interesting film, whose plot is nourished by great visual effects and the stunning differences between both cultures, with Sean Connery working out as the common link between two ways of life with a great doses of suggested violence and alarming use of the technology to create unexpeceted accusations. Yet Sean Connery makes a very credible performance, as the detective, the script seems uncapable to surmount the anecdothic character of good guys and bad guys, and the ominous presence of the Japanese mob with pretensions of Noir Film, the picture leaves us a bitter taste, because even if there are good sequences, the whole material promised best best and major intentions.
0	Did I miss something??? I saw this a few nights ago on regular late night tv, so maybe it was edited to death and I missed all the interesting parts???? All I know is that it seemed highly unbelievable... Spoilers follow....(...why does the rapist just walk in her front door...would you leave your door unlocked if you had just been attacked and the rapist had your driver's license?!!) Anyways...I couldn't get past that part through the whole movie, so maybe that's what made me hate it. I do have to give kudos to Farah Fawcett though, her acting was excellent and seemed very genuine...maybe she has been through some similar trauma in real life?
0	It didn't "Die Hard" enough, and the soft porn nude scenes are embarrassing As bad as this is, and as horrible as Anna is in this junk the man who co produced and stared as the bad guy is even worse. He stumbles on Shakespeare's prose and delivers the lines like he has rocks in his mouth and is in awe of the fact he can say them at all! Frankly, so am I. That said, this is a very funny movie about a bimbo pilot, bad guys in leather pants and some "do hickey" that will "change the balance of power" .... un ...yeah..... ok. The soft core nude sex scenes are more funny than hot and are the only time Anna is able to act. At least when Andy Sadris ("Guns , "Hard Ticket To Hawaii, "Savage Beach") made his movies like this fun and funny)on purpose, and the had many playmates not just one. All in all this is one to catch on h.b.o. after midnight
0	disappointed! this was not funny at all.i've seen pablo francisco's stand-up on HBO and was pleasantly entertained but this dvd was awful and boring as hell
1	Under-rated... Intriguing movie with as many layers as an onion. There is also a surprising, rare commentary by star Val Kilmer (one of the most under rated actors of the day) in which he alternately teases and admires with warmth, director David Mamet ("Dav-eed Mam-ay"), as well as the Black Ops/Rangers-types he plays in Spartan. Best to go into the film unspoiled and be surprised, several times over. For anyone who loves espionage with a twist, this one won't disappoint
1	ORALLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST NOVELAS I HAVE SEEN IN YEARS I WAS UP UNTIL 5AM
1	I love it Great movie..A real love story. Just watch it..thats all I have to say
1	Totally Underrated!! This is a fabulous &quot;feel good&quot; movie. I've watched it a dozen times and it's still a favorite to pop in the VCR when company comes calling. This movie never got the publicity it deserved so it's pretty much a surprise when I play it for guests. Then, everyone wants a copy. I probably would never have heard of it myself if my mom hadn't been an extra in it. It was filmed in Winchester Bay, Oregon where my mom had a gift shop
1	I LOVED IT!!!!! I bought this recently, when i was about to watch it I thought it was going to be the stupidest thing i have ever seen. But after the first few minutes i loved it. The special effects were good (for 1914) The only thing i didnt like is the WEIRD music and the naration. Whats wrong with panio or organ music
0	0 STARS: Not a horror movie, therefore not my thing. "Chopping Mall" is styled like an 80s slasher, but is in fact, not a horror movie. In actuality, what you get with this movie is more science fiction/action with some cheesey comedy as well. Simply put, "Chopping Mall" doesn't work as a horror movie because the killers are machines and therefore the element of evil is completely lacking which is not conduicive to a pure horror movie. In fact, one could argue that this movie is more or less like "Maximum Overdrive" or maybe even "Runaway" (in a sense), only not as good because those movies, while technically implausible, actually made some sense theoretically speaking, unlike this most unfortunate piece of rubbish known as "Chopping Mall". I do not recommend "Chopping Mall" if you are looking for a horror movie or an 80s slasher flick as the movie is in all fairness a dark yet "total farce". Instead, I would recommend "He Knows You're Alone" as probably the best of the relatively unknown 80s slasher/horror movies
1	Terrific Farce Reminds me of Richard Bissell's novel "Say, Darling," a witty send-up of the process of launching a Broadway musical suspiciously resembling "The Pajama Game." Woody Allen's vision here takes on an interface of commercial theatre, Runyonesque gangsters (though closer to the Sopranos than "Guys And Dolls")and Greenwich Village intellectuals (Think about Dave Van Ronk reminiscing about the San Remo in Scorsese's "No Direction Home" or the lighter side of "Reds."). The John Cusack character is how Barton Fink might have turned out if he hadn't gone to Hollywood.
1	Excellent doc about an amazing photographer This is an incredible documentary. A must for anyone interested in photojournalism as well as all those truly interested in world peace. A calm, thoughtful photographer continually stepping into dangerous and tragic circumstances and capturing for us and humanity glimpses of the horrific reality of war that are so often and increasingly ignored by the mainstream press in favor of superficial entertainment.
1	A classic comming of age movie set in the 1980's This is a clasic movie for many of us who were at that age in that time period. If you are not turned off by the 80's too much you will love this funny movie. It is trendy for then, but it is really funny and good. Just realize at the time these movies were some of our favorites. It is still near and dear to my heart. I think it is a classic. If you like it go on to Ferris Bulers day off and Somekind of wonderful for other movies in this style and time period
0	this is so bad and so low i just failed to finish it. i rejected it from my dvd player after tormented by this horrible taste movie about 30 minutes. it's not just ridiculous or not funny, it's stupid.
1	I thought I knew a lot about the movie... ...but the materials Criterion put together for this great two disc set shed new insight and light to one of the greatest chambara films ever made. Thank you, Criterion, for taking my email (and who knows how many others) seriously and for bringing this pristine and wonderful DVD transfer of a true classic. This movie should be in every serious cinephile's collection, and I highly recommend this two disc set
1	if i could give it 10 stars This may not be my favorite movie ever, but if its not then my favorite is no better. This film is beautiful, not only in its comedy but in its truthful tone hidden beneath the slight absurdity. I really can't say anything other than if you like wes anderson films, or anything even loosly associated with it then go now and watch it twice
1	Fun to Watch! Lighten up, fellow reviewers! ANGER MANAGEMENT is lighthearted comedy--not neurosurgery. I had zero expectations going into this movie, but as soon as the hilarious plane scene unfolded I found myself watching with an ear-to-ear grin on my mug. I've seen Adam Sandler in numerous movies (and hated most of them), but as humble, wishy-washy Dave Buznik, Sandler is at his low-key best. Buznik is the last person to have an anger management problem, but following a fateful series of miscues (and hysterically funny miscues at that) he is ordered by a judge to attend an anger management course. And this is not just any old course: This is a course led by the unorthodox and dysfunctional Dr. Buddy Rydell (Jack Nicholson's inherent creepiness is perfect for this role). Nicholson and Sandler play off one another in grand fashion; the goofy therapist pushing the mild-mannered Buznik to the edge--and beyond--is mucho fun to watch! An added delight to this campy comedy is the plethora of camoes, including John C. Reilly, Woody Harrelson (also hysterically funny), Rudy Giuliani, and New York Yankee greats (and ex-greats) Derek Jeter and Roger Clemens. ANGER MANAGEMENT is pure fun, complete with milquetoast ending and wacky Nicholson facial expressions. Enjoy! --D. Mikels, Author, THE RECKONING
0	Why was this movie set in Wisconsin? I usually like romantic comedies, but this one was for the birds. Maybe the robin, our state bird here in Wisconsin. Then again, maybe not, since this movie seemed to get ALL the Wisconsin stuff wrong. People outside on Thanksgiving in just long sleeves? Not where I live. I mean, they could have chosen from about ten other midwestern states if all they wanted was that 'naive farm girl meets big-city boy' feel (which is lame and predictable, by the way). I like Julia Stiles, and the young man was okay, but getting the local stuff wrong was a turnoff, and it really kind of took me out of the movie. Tsk tsk.
0	Caveat emptor: Buyer beware!! I bought the Girls of Techno, Orig DVD, and I liked it. Then I went to buy Girls of Techno Rave, adn Girls of Techno Hot Nights. I was sorely disappointed, because both all 3 of them are same, with different covers. I am planning to contact the Consumer Protection in Seattle and inform them of potential fraud by this company. Great video, but to take advantage of customers is unbelievable!! [...
1	So Many Great Songs! I saw "Annie Get Your Gun" again this weekend live on stage. I had forgotten just how many great songs Irving Berlin wrote for this masterpiece! --"You Can't Get A Man With A Gun", "The Girl That I Marry", "Doin' What Comes Naturally," "Anything You Can Do I can do better," "They Say falling in love is Wonderful," "I Got the Sun in the Morning and the Moon at Night," and the classic anthem "There's No Business Like Show Business."If you haven't seen or heard this musical, please do yourself a favor and get this film on tape or DVD. Afterthoughts: I just read several negative reviews about Betty Hutton's portrayal of Annie Oakley. DO NOT BELIEVE THEM. DO NOT EVEN READ THEM! Some people are "the glass is half empty" type of people and negativity is contagious! Betty Hutton's portrayal was, of course, probably directed by the director of the film. So it is "the director's portrayal"; the director is responsible for what Betty Hutton did on screen. And, this is not meant to be a "realistic" portrayal of a "real" person anyway---no one alive remembers what Annie Oakley was really like. So the portrayal by Betty Hutton (as directed by her director) is as good a "shot at it" as any other---including Judy Garland's portrayal. So, I suggest you just accept Betty Huttons portrayal as "one among many possible" and enjoy what the portrayal does have---alot of comedic verve and vivacity! Yes, "the glass is half full"..and even more than half.... in this case. And then there are some reviewers who criticize the show because Annie pretends to be a poorer shot than Frank near the end to "get her man" by letting him win and thus showing his "shooting prowess" some respect to make him feel better. I suppose for some people it is "politically incorrect" to "play the male ego game". But, isn't "playing the male ego game" what it takes sometimes to "get the man you want?" So, wasn't Annie in the play just being "realistic"? Isn't criticizing this aspect of the play "nit-picking". Ask yourself, could you even come close to writing a "masterpiece" like the musical, "Annie Get Your Gun"? If you couldn't do it, then what gives you the right to "nit pic" the show? And the Indian issue. Some people feel Indians were disrespected in the show. But, the show I saw has Chief Sitting Bull portrayed as giving good advice to Annie and being an intelligent person. In my opinion, whichever way the Indians were portrayed in the movie doesn't change anything about all the positive aspects of the show. My suggestion is to forget about all the nit-picking and ENJOY THE SHOW! And there's alot to enjoy! :o) Email Boland7214@aol.c
0	Technical problems render this oater virtually unwatchable This undistinguished oater is made much worse by technical problems. It isn't a bad little western, and the two lead roles are played competently by Vera Miles, whose most famous role was Laurie Jorgensen in "The Searchers," and Sam Elliott, who was born to make westerns. It had a good plot and some beautiful desert locations. Unfortunately, the film was not well shot. None--and I mean not one--of the interior scenes is adequately lighted; you can barely make out dark shadows moving around against a black background. The scenes in the Cactus Jail, which are key and set up the movie, might as well be taking place in a cave without even a candle for light. Then there's the DVD which is full-frame and was mastered from an extremely distressed print of the film. The DVD is blurry and shows every scratch, spot, and speck of dirt that 33 years of obscurity could inflict on the print. Too bad. Miles and Elliott deserved better. Frankly, because of the technical issues, the film is probably not worth wasting 90 minutes on.
1	Mag(nificent) Max With all the drek that video stores carry, it's amazing that I had to join an online rental service to see "Rushmore", the best comedy, and one of the most entertaining movies I've seen this decade. "Rushmore" has every aspect of a great movie--script (by director Wes Anderson and writer/actor Owen Wilson), casting (Jason Schwartzman got the starring part as Max Fischer after a long search; Bill Murray is perfect as Herman Blume, and Brit Olivia Williams is lovely as Miss Cross--I'm not sure why she hasn't gotten other good parts; even the minor characters are very well cast), direction (by Anderson--highlighted by the montage of Max's extracurricular activities at the title private school Rushmore), acting (see Schartzman, Murray and others), soundtrack (somehow '60s British invasion works perfectly for this tale from the '90s--The Faces "Ooh La La" topping everything), and a happy, but still satisfying ending. And on top of that, there are plenty of very funny lines and the delight of seeing both "Serpico" and "Platoon" produced for the high school stage. Max Fischer is one of the best young characters created for a movie, and the rest of the great cast and production work beautifully around him. Very highly recommended!
1	Excellent movie I grew up watching martial arts movies and always wanted to see one that has more depth and meaning. This movie does not follow the sterotypical path of most chinese martial arts films. The actors communicate on many different levels that one would not expect. I was very pleased and inspired by this movie. This will be on the top of my favorites list for many decades
1	Strong buy I really like the story and this film brings you back to the last century and the ambiance of these times. Colin Firth is fantastic in this role!
0	yawn........... Hi. Actually I didn't buy this movie, I watched it on Nickelodeon. And it's sooooooooooooooooooooooo boring. I almost fell asleep just watching it. I can't believe I used to like these dolls. I bought a Mall Maniac Madison doll a few months ago, now I'm thinking about selling it on Ebay. Bratz are much better, and prettier. I mean, have you seen the My Scene Bling Bling dolls? U-G-L-Y. Alot of people say Bratz dress like sluts, but they don't. My Scene dolls are the ones who wear halter tops and mini skirts almost showing their *ss. I haven't watched the Bratz movies, but I'm sure there much better than these. Don't buy this. PLEASE. Br@tz Girl P.S.- Sorry to any girls who like My Scene dolls. It's just my opinion. Please don't be mad
1	Seinfeld will always be the best comedy that was (and still is) on TV. If you've never watched Seinfeld, and are definately from Earth, then you have to start watching it now. If you've seen it, as practically everyone who likes comedy has, then you know that season six and seven are two of the best seasons that they made. You definately want to own the set for years to come! When you are sitting there after a hard day and you need to cheer up, what better than Seinfeld to do the job and leave you with a good feeling
1	humanity of jack Nothing happened to Jack Kerouac. He died like the rest of us eventually will. Jack Kerouac was a regular human being. Now you're problably saying &quot;yea I already knew that, so what?&quot;. But what you problably didn't know is that Jack used literature to show how beautiful and ugly human beings can be. Kerouac was a man equally feminine as he was masculine (read Charter's biography about his relationships with Ginzy, N.C., as well as the women of his life.) All of this is touched on in the video documentary, which thrives off the somber emotion,and that sort of &quot;grey sky comtemplation&quot; of things, which seems to pervade all of Jack's work. The video moves through Jack's life in a fairly straightforward manner. We see him as a shy french speaking Mass. adolescent, a cleft chinned Columbia undergraduate, a rucksack wanderer,a chanting buddhist,an aloof catholic, who loved his mother and drank much too much Johnnie Walker. In &quot;What happnened to Jack?&quot; we see Jack as who he really was, a confused, tortured, disenfranchised,happy, unhappy writer who was very good at putting words together, which gave an honest glimpse of what was going on in his heart and his mind. There are many great moments in the video. Any beat &quot;junkie&quot; will love the footage of Jack and Allen coolin' it near Columbia, smoking cigarettes and shootin' pool. There's a clip of Bird and Diz blowing hot jazz, the beats in S.F. at the debut of Ginzy's &quot;Howl&quot;, Mike McClure, Jack, Snyder and Ferlinghetti at Big Sur recitin' and writin' smooth synapses of the happenings there and around. There are countless anecdotes and picturs of all your &quot;beat heroes&quot;, which portray them as strikingly regular and very un-heroic. The video as a complete work is very delicious, but the tastiest bits come when Jack reads &quot;October in the Railroad Earth&quot; to a montage of San Francisco images. When a debonair Jack reads &quot;On the Road&quot; to Steve Allen's bluesy piano in perfect phrasing and time. And last but not least there is the comical and strangely serious Greg Corso explaining genious, fame, and why he thinks the &quot;Beat Generation&quot; was a phenomenon. Kerouac would problably want you to see this video because it shows that he was not a fad, an icon, nor a saviour for a generation. He was simply a regular man trying to find answers to very un-regular questions and he used his writing talent to unravel those mysteries
0	No Show This item was never received. Amazon's tracking system claims that it was shipped on January 20 by Canada Post.
0	Walt Disney Would Never Have Put His Name on This. "The Wild" is under the "Walt Disney Pictures" banner, and even rated G, so I expected it to be a picture for the whole family, of which the studio is proud. I hoped it would put me in the Disney mood prior to our family trip to Walt Disney World. Disappointed am I. It's mediocre and has just about nothing in common with the Walt Disney legacy. To be sure, it is not unusually offensive (the way the usually superb Ron Howard offended me with his witless and crude destruction of "Dr. Seuss's How the Grinch Stole Christmas"). It is just irritating and amateurish in its writing and direction. For those of you who know something about animation, has no one informed the director "Spaz" (his self-chosen moniker) or any of the animators the concept of the "hold"? A "hold" in animation is when the movement stops for a moment to emphasize an expression or an attitude or a gesture. It is priceless when used well (and gives the animator a few frames worth of a break, besides). Perhaps the all time masters of the hold in animation are Chuck Jones (think of Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner), Tex Avery, and Bob Clampett during the golden age of Warner Brothers cartoons. "The Wild" has a total of zero holds. Everyone and everything is moving twenty-four times every second from movie's beginning to end. Who can watch that? My eyes just couldn't take it. The attitudes and gestures were all there. They were just there ten times more often than any human mind could process. But that could be forgiven if the story was clever, conveyed a meaningful theme and was told with clarity, drama, and humor. Instead of clarity, every sentence of dialogue was written to sound ironic or sarcastic or "funny" or "witty," never actually achieving real humor or wit. It's hard to know what any character really wants if they never express themselves clearly and simply. (I suppose once in a while they did, but that was the exception.) There is no attempt to make the squirrel's romantic crush remotely believable, and the father-son theme is trite as can be. Finally, there is so much slapstick violence (characters get hurt a lot) that I almost question the G rating. It's a valid rating but the film is definitely too full of scares (like the far superior "The Incredibles") for anyone under age 7. (This is not new in the Disney tradition, as "Snow White", "Bambi", "Sleeping Beauty" and maybe "Peter Pan" are also too intense for the very young). There is no less artistry required to make a kid's comedy animation than any adult movie. In fact, more awareness of one's all-ages audience is required to make it entertaining and meaningful rather than irritating, boring or traumatizing. The theme of "The Wild", trite as it is, has potential value but it's ineffectively communicated. I think "Spaz" and his crew believed they had a film so full of roll-on-the-floor belly-laughs it would excuse the flimsiness of the story. Unfortunately they were mistaken. This was not a Pixar movie if you didn't figure that out yet. The good news is, Pixar is back in business with Disney and we can look forward to their consistently superior material, which has already started with "Cars"
0	AUGH!!!! So Close, and yet so far. I have been watching Swamp Fox since I was a kid. Unfortunately, one horrible night, I accidently hit the record button when the tape my dad had it on was in the VCR. We lost 2 and a half epidodes!!!!!! Maybe 1 and a half, but all the same, I have always grieved the loss. Anyhow, My little bro saw this in the store and started dancing. Much to my dismay, however, when I investigate it, I find not only not all the episodes, but they are out of order!!!!!!! How could this happen? As for Elfego... He is great too. My dad also had him on recordings, and we watched him all the time. So this was a doubly pleasant surprise.... until I read the details. ONLY 3 BLOOMIN EPISODES????? You have got to be kidding me!! And they are out of order as well. Disney, You were so close to getting $30 of my money, and you just lost it...
0	Torture to watch I hate to trash on an American Classic... but this was truly horrible. I thought my son would like this due to the flying car. It took hours of TORTURE to get to that scene. Horrible, horrible film. Mindless, drawn-out banter, and weak story line. Our copy eventually broke (stepped on?) --- we felt SOOO lucky to have it gone. "One Star" seems like a generous rating
1	We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are When viewing the same problems, what makes one person call for violence and another person call for understanding? There are probably many reasons. The title to this review is an Anais Nin quote that I think suggests part of the answer. Branford Marsalis comments about Sting's music: The music is a tremendous social statement. Musicians are always social critics. And that's the biggest problem with pop music is that they don't have any more social critics. They don't have enough people with the intelligence or the balls to stand up and see the world for what it is and say "This s$!t is out." Bring on the Night is a movie about the launching of The Dream of the Blue Turtles album and the creation of an interracial band. The songs on the album are protest songs, protesting cold war propoganda, nuclear waste, possessive love, pride that refuses to forgive, and many other things. For example, "If You Love Somebody Set Them Free" is a response to his earlier "Every Breath You Take". Sting's intent was to be disarming, to disarm through the discussion and publication of ideas. He took a stand by stating his positions. He did not choose to be silent or abandon the issues he cared about. In his mind, love is not hidden and not silent. Love doesn't say, "I care about this issue, but don't tell anyone what I think." Good protest songs are made to be sung. One world is enough for all of us. Love is the seventh wave. I spent too many years at war with myself. Doctor has told me, it's no good for my health. Sting spends time writing a song to his ex, where he laid out both his admission of guilt and an olive branch for reconciliation: If I built this fortress around your heart, encircled you in trenches and barbed wire, then let me build a bridge, for I cannot fill the chasm, and let me set the battlements on fire. This movie is the most fluid rock band film I've seen, and both the music and interviews discuss substantive issues. If you are a fan of acapella or minimal accompaniment, watch the film to hear the amazing, open versions of both Roxanne and Message in a Bottle. Please comment, express feedback, or suggest related works
0	Black Christmas is just a goofy gory version When Bob Clark gave us the original back in the 75 and threw a young Margot Kidder in as a boozing sorority sister who along with the rest are being terrorized by a killer living upstairs in the attic his intentions were to give us a scary movie and not much blood.As a result it worked for the most part.Oh before I forget, Rest in peace Bob Clark.He died at 67 in a head on which also killed his son last week.This version directed by Glen Morgan brings gore and eye balls popping out every chance he gets.Hey there's even a scene where an icicle falls off the roof and pierces through Andrea Martin head.Its laughable! She would of had a better death if she let the killer did it.The acting is so-so but nothing worth noting.They're spoiled girls and very vulgar when they speak.You'll probably do what I did after a while and root for the killer
0	And the jungle reeked for days... Tanya can't act her way out of a - well, anything, but she can get out of any clothing whatever, and the gratuitous shots from below as she climbs trees and swings from ropes are great good fare for pubescent teenage boys without much of a social life. Fred Wass does what he does best, wanders around on cue and collects a paycheck for no obvious reason. Any one over the age of eighteen will want to drink a lot of beer while wasting time with this
1	Beautifully done Hollywood history-humorous poignant I have seen this wonderful film in Hollywood, New York and Wasington D.C. and it never disappoints. There is so much in it that it is always interesting and a joy to watch. There are many fascinating persnalities--both the Chasen's staff and old Hollywood personalities-and they are portrayed with amazing sensitivity, humor and intelligence
1	Many new turns during an overall great season 3! The Shield is one of those shows I think that will attain even more pop culture status as time goes on, even long after it leaves the airwaves. The show is centered on cops who do corrupt things in order to ultimately put a major smash into the drug and arms trades in Los Angeles. I've spent my reviews of season one and two going in depth on how the camera's angles are unique and how each character has a ton to contribute to the show. This time I'm simply going to tell you little bits and pieces of what is going on with season three, and it will probably not make any difference because if you have already seen one and two, you know you have to go back for more! Season three tends to get deep in two areas. The one area is the character development. Mackey's ongoing separation from his wife, coupled with finding out his second child is also autistic is a big downer, but besides that he's also laying pipe everywhere east of L.A. so it apparently isn't bothering him as much as he'd like to let on. Things between him and Shane Vendrell start to go south quickly. Shane and Vic were always good friends but as the pressure for the team to produce results as well as keep secrets and stay within boundaries mounts, Vic starts pulling back, starts easing off. This action does a boomerang effect for Shane Vendrell, who launches forward with more reckless abandon on cases than never before! Despite all the drama in their personal lives (Yes, Julian the African American cop, is still gay, still a devout Christian to the point of fanatically, and still married to a women he's trying to have a child with) the street lives are alive more than ever. Rival Gangs, horrible hit squads, CI's (Confidential Informer) and sting operations happen in a one two three punch combination throughout the series. Kicking off-season three, we have two gangs who are bad, mad and territorial. They are the Byz Latz and the One-Niners. Oh and did I mention they both acquire massive amounts of MP-5 submachine guns to try and further their struggles? The Armenian mob of course, is still in the ongoing storyline from season 2, and its not getting pretty. People are still showing up with they're feet cut off, and it looks like they are not going to stop. Where did their money go, and who shot two of their men when it was taken? Oh well, excuse us, we're the Armenian mob, and our money train is gone, so its time to hack off more feet! Speaking of the money train, Vic decided to use some of it in an undercover operation, only to accidentally circulate it back into the drug trade. What Vic doesn't know is that there was someone else watching the Armenians, and slipped in ten thousand dollars worth of MARKED BILLS. The Strike team is in hot water as well as the "Decoy Squad" is now implemented to ultimately take over their job after a trial run. This is how great this series is, you take a bunch of newbies and chuck them into an ongoing plot and all they do is ADD their talent in acting and screen presence to the table. Some interesting heat will come down on the decoy squad, as well as something terrible happening to Juliens former partner Tommy. The corruption and mystery within the crime community runs deep, but doesn't ever lose us much. On the surface we still are able to keep up with the Strike team walking the line between good cop/bad cop, and gangs galore continue to wreak havoc in the streets. The drama and problems with EACH character continues to mount to the point you think it will crash before winning. Wrong again, these stories are tightly written and really do a good job to keep us intrigued because lets face it, like life, in the Shield you never know what is going to happen next. The last few episodes are pretty intense. The strike team gets dissolved and Shane gets partnered up with a new guy named "Army" (he's an Iraq war veteran). Shane and Vic have a showdown of sorts, which really comes from all of the money issues and changed tactics involved in the money train. Season four will surprise you as well as please you, as it will see the roles of these 2 friends change quickly enough. Season three starts off a little slow but considering the buildup to the ongoing storylines that are really turning into quite the dramatic and suspenseful mini-epics we hoped they would be, it's well worth the weight. Claudette and Dutch are still there cracking cases every day. Aceveda also appears to be going over the edge and it will be interesting to see if he can ever come back in the future
0	A Big Waste Of Time!!!! I loved the original movie, and I love Johnny Depp so I thought this movie would be awesome.Wrong wrong wrong!! First of all, the child actors were horrible, well the Charlie and Mike characters were ok, but the two girl actors were the worst I've seen in a long time. And what did they do to Johnny Depp? He was so creepy and weird. I took my nine year old to see it in the theater, and even she almost fell asleep. If you really want a treat watch the original with Gene Wilder
1	All in all, pretty good All the Little Animals follows the off-kilter adventures of Bobby Platt (Christian Bale), a young man who's been left a simpleton by the long-ago car accident that damaged his brain but not his soul. He wholeheartedly loves animals and he's got a pet mouse named Peter, but Bobby has to keep Peter hidden from his wicked stepfather, De Winter (Daniel Benzali). Unable to handle De Winter's abuse any longer Bobby runs away, hitchhiking from London to Cornwall, where he meets Mr. Summers (John Hurt). Summers is a quiet man who's devoted his life to giving dead animals a reverent burial, and he trains Bobby to follow in his footsteps. Even though the movie's title is All the Little Animals, there aren't any developed animal characters. Peter is cute, but he's out of the picture pretty quick. The rest are corpses, or depicted in wistful dream sequences (the fox is a fixture, and there's also an otter, a horse and a beaver). The human characters are sort of one-dimensional - particularly The Fat - but the actors are all superb. Benzali and Hurt's reputations precede them, but Bale is very underrated. That may change when his high-profile role of Batman hits the big screen, but as of now the general public doesn't know him. He's an actor of great range, proven by his equally convincing portrayals of simple and sweet Bobby Platt in All the Little Animals and diabolical, murderous Patrick Bateman in American Psycho shortly after. Staci Layne Wilson Author of Staci's Guide to Animal Movie
0	This movie made me hungry for fruit roll-ups when the gore looks like fruit roll-ups and that liquid candy. Then it really sucks. No this movie is beyond sucks. Fake-butt explosions and everything. come on now give me a break
0	very poor quality I watched this and would have probably liked it if the people who made this video had taken the time to produce a decent product. The lecture volume swings from low to extremely distorted and at times cannot be heard much at all. It was very disappointing considering the price and during the lecture Will Henry had slides that he presents with use of a laser pointer and you have no idea of what he is really showing to you or pointing to on those slides which are also barely legible on the video. My advice would be to pass on this one it isnt worth the time it takes to watch even if you got it for free.
0	Read the book - it takes less time! The Unbearable Lightness of Being was considered an unfilmable novel for a good reason: the point of Kundera's writing is not his plot - or even his characters - but his style. For instances, his endless digressions about history, politics, and philosophy. For the movie, we are left with nothing but plot and character. OK, what is one to do? That in itself wouldn't be so bad if I didn't watch the film with the constant thought: I could read the book in less time than it takes me to watch this movie. This is a SLOW film. It takes an hour-and-a-half story and takes three hours to tell it. I can't recommend the film
1	superb Very good movie. Great acting & plot. Very touching. I am very glad I own this movie. I will watch it very often
1	Doing the Right Thing Terrific cast explores the question of ethics in the world of G.I.'s upon their return from WWII. An examination of the value of honesty in communications, whether in the marketplace or in the home. Interesting for period detail.
0	Not for Beginners, or anyone else Attempting difficult poses, even modified versions, is a sure-fire way to discourage beginners from the practice, or make them feel inadequate, which is not what Yoga should cultivate. Even as an intermediate yoga practicioner, I did not like this tape, primarily because it throws you into the difficult poses without first generating sufficient heat in the body. The warm-up poses are minimal, static, and do not prepare your body sufficiently for the extensions and compressions of the advanced postures that follow. Besides all that, the instruction goes from excrutiating detail to not enough information (you have to break concentration and look to see what's going on) in the course of a single series of poses. Very frustrating. As if that weren't bad enough, the instructor's amazing flexibility is about the only inspiring aspect of the tape; her monotone delivery and the spare studio setting with no students make for a no fun experience
1	A Gay Classic This movie is one of those "must own" movies that belongs in anyone's collection, and definitly should be included in every gay man's movie cabinet.
0	No Stars from a Cold War Submariner I watched the film in the theater when it came out, was very disappointed in all the inaccuracies. Trying to "entertain"/ educate people on a subject matter so serious with a plot so ludicrous is irresponsible at best. The Pet Dog was cute but also unrealistic. The book "The Gold Crew" had a more believable plot. Having served on a few Ballistic Missile Submarines, I find it an insult to the Crews of the Boats Especially to the Captains and officers. It's Understandable why the Navy Refused to Bless this. By placing there seal of approval on this film they would be saying it could happen, which it couldn't as depicted. Too much control and too many people in the loop to allow it. From November 15, 1960-May 25, 2001. The Navy completed 3500 Deterrent Patrols which roughly equates to 671 years of combined ship service on alert ready to launch. And there Still out there boring holes in the water
1	SEEN IT, OWN IT, LOVE IT I have been a huge fan of Judy Garland's for years and this is one of my favorite movies of hers. Even though she doesn't sing in it, it won't matter, you will see her as an actress, which was what she wanted to be, not just a voice. It is subtle in the love story and story itself. Boy meets girl, boy takes girl out to deliver milk, boy loses girl, boy finds girl, boy marries girl and boy leaves for war. Vincente Minnelli was the perfect choice for directing this, he uses New York as a character that works against them, but Boy and Girl make it through and marry. It is a lovely love story. Robert Walker is very sweet in it too. Also Judy has a crying jag in almost every one of movies, and this is the best/saddest crying scene. Also look for Roger Edens (her mentor) playing the piano in the restraunt scene. It is a must for all Judy Garland fans and those who love a good love story
1	wonderful movie treasure plnet is the best movie ever. I wanted to watch over & over again! it is the a wonderful story. I think it needs to have 10 stars! It's about a boy who go's hunting for treasure, but on his journey he learns something more important. This movie is great
1	If this were a book, it would be a "page turner". Once you start, you can't stop watching. I watched the USA Network version of Touching Evil before I knew the BBC version ever existed. I enjoyed USA's Touching Evil greatly. But the BBC version is phenomenal. I'm hooked. 5 stars
1	airwolf-1 It is great to see the old show's being brought back to DVD. I really enjoyed watching this DVD and season 2. Keep bringing the old show's back on DVD
1	Antwone Fisher (2002) Director: Denzel Washington Cast: Denzel Washington, Derek Luke, Joy Bryant, Salli Richardson, Malcolm David Kelley, Cody Hodges, Leonard Earl Howze, Novella Nelson. Running Time: 120 minutes Rated PG-13 for violence, language and mature thematic material involving child abuse. Based on a true story, and with a screenplay written by the eponymous hero from his own book, "Antwone Fisher" is at heart a study of psychological disturbance, laced with reasonable amounts of Hollywood sugar and optimism about the human spirit. It's a peculiarly American medicine, swallowed less willingly in some markets than others, which probably explains why criticism of the film often confused Denzel Washington's directorial talents (which are generally good) with the various workings of his film's plot, which can be argued about. Antwone Fisher's story starts in the navy, where after a particularly vivid nightmare he slugs a fellow shipmate, and is hauled up before the Captain. Sent to navy psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Washington), he begins to work out issues of anger that, it turns out, stem from an abused childhood to which is added a guilt complex over a dead friend. At the same time Fisher (played exceptionally well by newcomer Derek Luke), struggles to establish a first adult romantic relationship with the inviting Cheryl (Joy Bryant). In a parallel plot thread, Washington's character, the ever-reasonable Dr. Davenport, is having marital problems. In due course we discover that he has things to learn about communicating too and Fisher is a catalyst for his own change. Fisher's screenplay reached the cameras by a somewhat circuitous route: after his stint in the navy and with little writing experience, he was hired by a Sony executive to write his own story - a process which apparently underwent over 40 drafts before it was acceptable. Most of the weaknesses of the film can be traced to the uncertainties he brings to his new craft, although Washington's direction papers reasonably well over many cracks. The most unconvincing elements are those subplots that revolve around the main character. These include the psychiatrist's ironic domestic problems, as well as Fisher's tentative love life. One is tempted to see these narrative distractions as rather manipulative bolt-on elements, leavening the appeal of a central, harrowing, personal history. The Fisher - Cheryl romance for instance, while in context necessarily clumsy, is also ultimately gauche. And once consummated, it is left to languish without further comment, as if further exploration of this side to Fisher's maturing was unnecessary. Perhaps sensing this central weakness, Fisher's script introduces another element into the young African-American's tortured life as a foster child. During flashbacks he has to deal with 'slave-nation' justifications from Mrs. Tate (Novella Nelson), suggesting a link between the hurt done to the individual and that presumably done to the whole black race - a reasoning which is frankly unconvincing and none too interesting. Significantly, such issues are given short shrift by the psychiatrist himself, and soon disappear from view. On the plus side is the central performance by Derek Luke as the hero, a perfectly judged acting job, that neatly balances inner rage and confusion - "I don't know what to do" - with lack of self-pity. Washington's role is also well done. Given the difficulty of the actor-director role, he is to be applauded for carrying off both so effectively and without fuss, either in front or behind the camera. This is Washington's directorial debut and he does an admirable job of painting a thorough picture of Antwone and even though the film could have benefited from some tighter editing, it's still a film that delivers all the emotional goods. Arguably the most impressive thing about this film is the casting of Luke who was a total unknown actor with a mere handful of television credits to his resume and obviously Washington knew he possessed the right goods to pull off the role. Despite its flaws, "Antwone Fisher" is an intriguing look into the real life of an estranged, enigmatic individual; it is a film that will stimulate the heart and make you wish that small children didn't have to endure such horrors.
0	Are You Serious? I watched this movie with my 7 year old daughter, and regretted it about 10 minutes in. After reading Queen Bees & Wannabees, I can't help but despair whenever I look over the precipice and get a glimpse into teen girl world. In Barbie's envisioning of this world the central theme is to "be yourself", but in the end they only seek themselves in a banal existence of dress shopping, chasing each others' boyfriends, inventing lip gloss disguised as a highlighter, deciding what to wear to an afternoon of watching cute boys practice football, and halfheartedly pursuing a career as a rock star. While I realize that this is teenage girl reality, is this what needs to be held up to pre-teens as a personality blueprint? The popular girls look exactly like the unpopular girls, so it's not like the criteria for who gets to set foot on the "popular lawn" is really clear, other than you have to be mean-spirited and backstabbing. But at least they somewhat captured the spirit of what it's like to be on the outside looking in. Of course, there's the "magic diary" aspect of the story, which seemed the only tie to the "other" Barbie world (Fairytopia, Mermadia, et all). I realized then what I was really watching...a marketing cry for help from Mattel. The target demo for Barbie has shrunk to 3-6 year old girls, and they're trying desperately to expand back into the 7-11 range that other brands like Bratz are chipping away at. I promptly dumped all Mattel stock from my 401k.
0	Cate, oh my............... To borrow from a previous reviewer: A movie to kill an evening with if you have one that really needs murdering.
1	ENDURING CLASSIC Even though this movie has some "miles" on it...It never seems to be "dated"..the story is still full of suspense...and even though we have seen it several times..it never grows old. We live in a small fifth wheel..fulltime and this is one of the movies we both voted to take with us for those rainy days! A "must-have" for anyone who loves movies
1	What a great Compilation Bruce Dickinson is one of the greatest performers of our time. Not only is he fronting one of the greatest metal bands (Iron Maiden, in case anybody didn't know), but he is also an accomplished solo artist, as well as a master fencer and airline pilot. Bruce can do it all and he is'nt slowing down! Anthology is a must have for Bruce completists. As far as I can tell, everything is here. 3 concerts, videos and interviews all on 3 DVDs. Most of this stuff I've not seen before or it has been a long time since I have seen it. Such as the shows. Most of the videos I have not seen. MTV does not play the good stuff and niether does anyone else, so if you have'nt seen the videos, this set is for you. Bruce conveys an intelligence that a lot of metal performers don't exhibit. He stands above the rest and is certainly an individual muscian that is'nt afraid to try new things. If you're into Maiden and Bruce's solo stuff, you will like this set. Also, Roy Z., Dickinson's producer and guitarist is phenominal. Adrian Smith is always a joy to watch and all of Bruce's different solo bands spout great musicians. Bruce is a god
1	Great content - lousy packaging! I'm in the UK and therefore it cost me quite a lot to have this package shipped over the Atlantic but it's the only way to see this series until way into next year. As has been reported below the packaging is very poor because the DTS disc (the very one I want) is not secured correctly on the double disc spindle and has been bouncing around for the last 4000 miles! The disc surface is now scratched and damaged. I see no point in sending it back to Amazon for replacement because the chances are it'll happen again so I'll have to try and get it repaired which is a nuisance. This item would have got five stars were it not for this problem and it's a great shame
1	Friday Night Lights Where I come from high school sports in general was something merely for the jocks to participate in and rarely garnered any widespread interest within the school. Football games--except for the annual "bowl" game against our cross-town rival (eventually discontinued because of the traditional post-game brawl)--rarely found more than one hundred parents and students attending. So some of the meaning behind this film is I guess lost, leaving me more of a dispassionate observer than anything else. Still, I really found this movie to be quite fascinating, and a powerful and well-told story.
0	I've seen enough I didn't watch Millenium when it was on ten years ago, so I thought I'd give it a try on DVD, as I'm a big X-files fan. I watched two shows: "The Beginning and the End" and "The Dogs". They were ridiculous AND boring. I'm done with Millenium
1	This film finally gets the red carpet treatment from MGM!!! Finally "The Good,The Bad and The Ugly" finally gets the red carpet treatment it deserves from the guys at MGM Home Entertainment!!! This superlative 2-DVD set includes the extended version of the film in both English and Italian!!! Wow!!! It sports BOTH great picture and sound!!! It also contains a wealth of extras to enjoy!!! This great DVD set will keep you amuzed for hours!!! And to cap it off,it comes in a nice collector's case!!! A very well rounded package of a very superior western starring Clint Eastwood,Lee Van Cleef,and Eli Wallach!!! Sure, it costs "a few dollars more" than the standard single disc version but it's well worth the money!!! Two thumbs up!!! Five stars!!! A
1	"You'll be the first one I'll tell when I'm in love" Everyone, just once in their life has probably had fantasies of pistol whipping or perhaps even punching out at least one member of their family, but the embattled title character Ethan Mao, in maverick director, Quentin Lee's saga of Asian American gay dysfunctional angst gets to do this and so much more. A whole film about holding your family to ransom by gunpoint may not immediately strike viewers as the stuff of a great story, and may even be a little bit much for most, but Lee manages for the most part to hold this film together, delivering up a tight, taught, if not terribly low budget package that mixes elements of the psychological thriller, coming-of-age drama, gay love story, and even black comedy. Ethan Mao is certainly overly ambitious in its themes and crude in its execution, but there's a gritty and solemn earnestness to this movie, that lifts it above the usual dramas of teenage angst. What makes this movie worth viewing and so involving, and perhaps also so groundbreaking, is that it depicts a modern, urban gay Asian-American teen, which is something that to my knowledge is very rare in film. The story takes off when the title character Ethan Mao (Jun Hee Lee) has just been kicked out of his home after Abraham, his father (Raymond Ma) discovered his stash of gay porn. His family is reasonably wealthy having worked hard over the years, now they're the epitome of the immigrant success story. But Ethan's father has made the fatal mistake of putting money before the love of his family. Now his days are spent catering to Ethan's gangly younger brother Noel (David Tran), a bullying and spoilt stepson Josh (Kevin Kleinberg), and Sarah, his slinky, narcissistic, ex-actress wife (Julia Nickson). Obviously being gay doesn't sit well with Mr. Mao, so Ethan is promptly ejected from the family and immediately - without exploring any other options - adopts the life of a homeless hustler, eventually meeting Remigio (Jerry Hernandez), who also works the streets. The pair develops a fierce friendship based on love, trust, and loyalty. Remigio feeds Ethan, gives him a home and surprisingly keeps his hands to himself. Ethan, for his part has a lack of affect, which presumably signals an emotional numbness. Ethan enlists Remigio's help to return to his home to pick up his belongings as well as a necklace belonging to his dead mother, but his family, who are supposed to be on a Thanksgiving outing, come home. A vicious argument ensues, with the two young men holding the group hostage until the necklace can be retrieved from a safe-deposit box the next day. From here, the film mushrooms into an unlikely hostage melodrama, complete with guns, uneasy family dysfunction, along with lots of emotional recriminations. Josh, the stepbrother hates Ethan, and Ethan hates Sarah, the stepmother, while M. Mao remains appalled at what his son is doing, but at the same time begins to regret the way he's treated Ethan, and the rest of his family. As the hours progress, Ethan begins to enjoy his newfound power and uses it to tell everyone in the family, especially his uptight and highly traditional dad, exactly what he thinks of them and how he feels he's been mistreated. Meanwhile, Remigio looks on, remaining a silent, and somewhat reluctant witness to the proceedings, and a loyal friend to Ethan. Ethan Mao is clearly heartfelt and sincere- and an early robbery scene is particularly strong - but ultimately a facile script hampers the film, along with its low production values and its bargain basement, C-grade acting. It is also essential that the viewer feel some sympathy for Ethan, but his decision to freely participate in the hustler lifestyle, when you know a boy as bright as he could do something else, makes it hard for us to really root for him. Ultimately, he comes across as a bit bratty, spoiled, and sad; he should learn to lighten up a little, even if he does have a mean father and a wicked stepmother. Despite Ethan Mao's obvious shortcomings, the film has an intensity and fervor that is impossible not to like. The film also works as an offbeat tale of love and friendship; Ethan and Remigio, through no fault of their own, have become a couple of devoted urban hustler outlaws. Thank goodness though, that we are subjected to only one of Ethan's elderly and flabby customers. Mike Leonard November 05.
0	How did this happen ? I was shocked when I saw the episodes of the second season. I would say the first season was one of the best things to be aired on TV ever. How come they just throw all that down the drain ? You really don't know what to think during the episodes. "Is it a comedy ? Oh, look at at satan and his friends having a chat.Am I supposed to laugh or amuse myself ? And now, is it a serious episode ?" Not to mention the lack of darkness so well conveyed by Frank Black in the 1st season. To sum up, the second season left a lot to be desired. The only thing I can do now is re-watch season one.
0	Description VERY Misleading This is NOT a story about Black River Falls, as the description indicates. It is a film about stories from around Wisconsin as reported in a paper from Black River Falls, with some hokey footage of modern (1990's) day Black River Falls. There are very few photographs from the period and the film footage is mostly an attempt at what I can only call "modern art". Cut out about 20 minutes of "filler" and this would be a somewhat better film. Basically, it's a collection of "strange but true stories" that have no connection to each other, except they took place around the same period of time and took place somewhere in the state of Wisconsin. And the modern footage makes no positive contribution at all. In fact, if I was from Black River Falls, I would be upset about how the town is portrayed. A complete waste of time and film
1	Captivating Although I am not attuned to the background history of the film, the visuals are captivating enough to hold anyone's interest. I have visited the site of the film, and the footage comes as close as possible to capturing the magnificance of the rainforest, the Potaro River and Kaieteur Falls. The scenes with the locals are right on
1	One of the best remakes ever I remember that the original movie made me cry but nothing could prepare for this remake. The movie was emotionally gripping and compelling. I cried hysterically through the last half of the movie feeling the pain and disappointment that the young Piccolo was going through. I was impressed by the way Brian stood strong and full of faith all the way up to the end. I thought that both actors did an incredible job, but I was most impressed with Sean Maher's performance. He was believable as the care-free loving husband and competitive spirited football player. This movie really is worth your time, and I can guarantee you that at least one tear will be shed for this tragic and compelling story
0	a crappy movie from a crappy time GA. how can anyone stand this drivel? worst movie i ever watched repeatedly. worse than watching "walk tall" 8 times in a row. worse even than watching the home shopping network. eww. EWW
0	Luscious Well here we go again. I tried to watch this movie with an open mind and I just could not stand it. Here we have another movie with Ms. Whurer and it is just like most of her movies very very poorly acted and just a waste of time and film for that matter. If all you are looking for is a movie to see her nude than this is for you. If you are not and you are looking for some entertainment than I sugest that you don't waste your time and money. I guess when they cast for an actress here all they were looking for was how well she looks with no clothing on and did not pay attention to the simple fact that this woman has no talent
0	Water-logged Whew! After reading other reviewer's remarks, I'm glad to see I was not the only one who thought this movie was crap. The cinematography is great, and the look (art direction) is authentic. I too had trouble following the double-storyline. Just when I started to get interested in the modern-day story, the action cut back to the past. I don't know if it was poor choices during the editing processes or what. I have seen many other movies that use flashback and dual-timeline stories. None of those were this boring. By the time you get to discover the real truth behind the century-old murders, you really don't care anymore. And I don't see how the climactic storm at sea resolves the modern-day storyline. In terms of casting, I have to agree with the other reviewers: why cast two British actress as the modern-day leads. To me, the character of Jean should've been played with either an American actress (or at least a British or Australian actress with an American accent)instead of Catherine McCormick. I also couldn't begin to identify with the character. She seems so obsessed over this murder but completely inarticulate when discussing it (unless that's the point). Sean Penn sits around and broods as her husband, a has-been poet. Josh Lucas and Elizabeth Hurley (as Sean Penn's brother and the brother's girlfriend) really don't have much to do except add some eye candy (Josh for the ladies, and Elizabeth for the guys, and believe me, I kept wanting to see more of her in the bathing suit -- with and without the top). Some say Josh Lucas's acting is a bit wooden and stiff in this role; I say he has nothing to work with: the character is just there to steer the boat and give Hurley backrubs. He has no real personality quirks and Lucas works best when he plays someone who's a bit flawed (he is a rare case of a character actor who has leading-man good looks but bland roles don't suit him). Sean Penn, on the other hand, looks like he's sleepwalking through half the movie. His alcoholic poet seems more like he's stoned on Prozac; there's no passion, even when he quotes Dylan Thomas. I think this was a miscasting; he's not sympathetic either. (SPOILER ALERT: His character's fate during the storm is almost deserved; one cannot feel sympathy for him.) The story set in the last century is much more interesting but because of the cut-up flashbacks, one doesn't hold interest. Sarah Polley is a good actress, but her moping around -- "Oh, I'm stuck in a loveless marriage, and I really want to sleep with my brother again," attitude gets old. Yes, dear viewers, I gave away another spoiler: incest. The other actors that play in the murder mystery story (aside from Polley and the great Ciaran Hinds as the wrongly accused murderer) are all Scandinavian and I've never heard of any of them before. They do a good job with the material they're given, but it's hard to connect with them as well. Perhaps this is one of those movies that you grow to like after repeated viewings. Once was enough for me. Perhaps you also need to read the original Anita Shreve novel before you watch it. If so, I understand the movie is quite the literal adaptation. This may be its biggest flaw: novels can be cinematic in their themes, imagery and their dialogue; they become water-logged when one tries to adapt the same style in telling two contrasting stories. It also helps that when reading a novel with two story lines, it's much easier to go back and re-read parts of it, when the action gets confusing.
0	Not for babies Sorry, but I have to give this DVD a negative review. First of all: what age is it really for? There are many fragments that introduce spelling and addition. Don't you think it's a little bit yearly for your 6 months old (and probably even 3)? The DVD needs much more real life objects, it sounds and looks VERY dull and boring. I always thought that children learn through play, songs, rhymes, and etc, but not through dull repetition. Even alphabet is introduced without well known "ABC song". I am giving this DVD two stars because it has nice classical music and it did catch some attention of my 18 months old son (so far we saw it ones). As much more age appropriate material I would recommend: Hap Palmer "Baby songs: ABC,123, colors & shapes"; Bee Smart Baby- Vocabulary Builder; Baby Babble - speech enhancing video; Baby Einstein- Van Gogh (world of colors); The Wiggles-"Toot-Toot"
0	Defective Copy Swingtime is the one Astaire and Rogers musical which did not transfer to DVD. The picture "freezes" at several points early in the film. I have not had this experience with the other Astaire/Rogers DVDs and I own all of them. Have any of the other owners of this DVD had this prob- lem
0	0 STARS: This is pure nonsense. We got Jason in space and we get Pinhead in space. This is pure nonsense. Words of wisdom to the makers of these sequels: when you start putting horror movie villains in space to kill people, it's time to stop making these movies!
0	......NOT GOOD ENOUGH!!!..... I did not like hardly a thing about this war picture, Anthony Mann or no Anthony Mann [Director]...Robert Ryan was superb being in command of a motley squad of straggler/soldiers...even the macho Aldo Ray was a know-it-all who showed NO fear whatso ever [that included Army Officers also]...that's alot of claptrap...hip/hip/hooray for Hollywood...this stuff may have permeated US Army cadres in the field [ and in Hollywood studios] but it could never have happen with a US Marine squad of highly trained riflemen [13 Marines]...nary any semblence of discipline nor any sense of mission showed amongst the enlisted men in this drab Army movie...it was a foregone conclusion that most of them would be KIA by movies' end...I saw this movie in 1957; it never impressed me with what we,[I]saw and done in Korea with my Fleet Marine Force comrades in the field...many decades later, I review it with even more snickering hysterics...no way, GI...no way!!....Semper Fidelis....SSGT CHRIS SARNO-USMC FM
0	Not History This movie is not a war movie. It is not remotely related to history either. Guadalcanal was not like this as anyone who knows the people who fought there and the history. Since when did American troops in WW II carry pliers around to extract gold teeth from dying enemy soldiers? This depiction is just simple minded and pure excrement. Enemy soldiers all hugging around and teary eyed over war is hell? Can we spell Bushido? Mallick can't. Now, if you like touchy, feely, not the real world aesthetique, have at it. The scenery and photography is quite good.
0	Soooo corny~! Ok, this movie is for either Black people, or White Woman. Then, you may enjoy it. This is soo silly and corny I want my money back. Interesting idea, but...no thanks. LO
1	Will film critics stop praising how glorious Tarantino is!!! Yes, this movie is awe-inspiring, awesome (I'm running out of adjectives here, lol) but will certain film critics (Roger Ebert I hope you read this) stop going around and saying how everything with dark humor, odd narrative, talky dialogue, etc., is Tarantino-esque?? Without Godard writing the blueprint on how to be a film essayist, there wouldn't be a Tarantino-esque (QT also owes a lot to Elmore Leonard, Scorsese, DePalma, and blaxploitation.). If I read one more review from overrated critic Ebert about how Tarantino paved the way for filmmakers that have a Godardian bite to their films, I might kill myself, lol He never says how great of an influence Godard had on Tarantino. Nor does any other critics say how Godard's "Breathless" created modern cinema. Its as though these critics totally ignored Godard's methods, and pretend geeks like Tarantino created them. Shame on you Ebert. That's like saying Christina Aguilera created that soulful yet high-scale histeronic singing she does, when Whitney Houston and Mariah Carey did it before her. Give people the credit they deserve
0	Music from The Strokes? No. Interviews? No. Good DVD? No. It's just one of those things you end up watching at 3 in the morning. But skip this one. You should be sleeping. I am a die-hard Strokes fan so when New York Stories came out, I had to have it. Much to my disappointment, it turned out to contain no music by The Strokes, or interviews with any members of the band. If you still feel like you need to see this DVD, don't pay more than $5 for it. You have been officially warned
0	The nadir of Corman's shining collection Peter Lorre's ,"The Black Cat",is charmingly done.Yet,the other two are stinkers.I'm a Corman fan,but this was boring and silly to watch.I think they had a good idea ,bringing the trilogy it to the big screen.But,this version and interpretation of Poe's masterpieces didn't translate well at all.So ,beware of the dog
0	Language is not Russian (as stated by amazon) but Chezh. Be aware! If you don't understand Russian and going to follow subtitles - this one is for you. The DVD quality is perfect (I'm not gonna say anything about the movie - lots of reviews here). But the fact that amazon said it is Russian but it turned out to be Chezh made me sad.
1	A great gift to all who loved the man To really get an artist's personality, sometimes you need to see them live. I don't know if that's true with Johnny but I know it sure doesn't hurt. This is a very young Johnny with Luther and Marshal. Three friends, lots of fans, and a set of songs that you'll probably recognize from his few albums that were out at that time. Yes, there are several repeat performances but nothing really overshadows the fact that you get to see this piece of music history. It doesn't take any of the shine off it is what I'm saying. Complete with some teasing onstage banter and a one or two minute bout of outright goofyness as Johnny imitates an anonymous singer...if you can't figure out that it's Elvis he's impersonating...than you don't know Elvis and you were born in a cave. This is not a rock and roll show by any means. It's perfect and original country concert and what a collectors item. A real treasure. Glad I got a hold of a copy. No problems with audio or visual quality. For the time period, having to turn the volume up a little extra is not an issue [for me atleast]. Enjoy
1	Fun new show I hate math, but this show has given me a great appreciation for it. Th cast has great chemistry. I feel like a couple of the FBI agents when Charlie is explaining a new math formula, so he puts it in layman's terms for them (and me!). Whether or not you like crime-based shows, you'll love this
1	The Very Best WARNING- Anybody whom Carol Burnett does not reduce to rolling giggles in "Lovely" had better get terms from the nearest undertaker
1	New transfer on the VIP Edition Everyone here seems to want to chime in their own commentary on the film's content, so I'm only going to bring up the only thing that matters--how does this new transfer measure up? The new anamorphic widescreen transfer alone makes upgrading to this edition a no-brainer. If you are trying to decide weather to get this hopped-up edition (VIP), or the old version, this is the one to get. Who cares about all the junk in the box, I gave mine all away, I just wanted the new version of the movie. As of this writing, the VIP edition is only way to get the anamorphic version. The older, original issue of this film is non-amamorphic and will not be suitable if you have a widescreen or a 4:3 HDTV with 16x9 enhancement (unless you want use the "zoom" effect).
0	lots of visual style.......little substance me and my partner are both real open minded people who enjoy a huge range of films. And we do really like The Thin Red Line. But this was a real boring piece of film making.....The whole film was just one huge poetry reading and I prefer to read poetry from a book.....It just doesn't goe anywhere and we found the love scenes even worse than those directed by George Lucas.Even the battle scenes were just poetry readings..........Watch Thin Red Line instead if you are interested in this director's work...That film is a masterpiece....This isn't
0	Wrecked movie! Why oh why is this in pan and scan only. This is a 2.35:1 framed movie and the well balanced and well composed cinematography is completely ruined on this DVD. About half the movie is missing. I love Joshua Tree but I won't buy this DVD. Artisan must understand this simply won't do. Sadly, the only widescreen version out there is the Japanese Laserdisc. And that's LONG out of print
0	Sadly, The lack of Liam neeson and raimi's directing is what ruined this movie for me. While Mr. Vasloo is superb in his taking on the burden of the Liam created character and mr. Drake always has appeal, the movie as a whole needed a much better script. It was too predicatble, too phoney. On the bonus side, they did manage to keep the hapahazard and crazy comments Darkman makes during chases and fight scenes in tact, so that was a plus
0	i thought anthony minghella was incapable of making a worse movie than "the english patient" ... oops, mine bad!
0	Not for young children! I absolutely could not believe this cartoon. Can you imagine a superhero using swear words? Well, that's what you have with this one. still can't believe it. What on earth are they trying to do with Spiderman? This obviously is a series for adults because, quite frankly, superheroes are supposed to be out for justice, truth and the american way, not to spend time in the gutter learning all the trash they can to spread it wherever. I don't recommend this product at all. Ours is going into the trash
0	Rappers, Stop Acting! I watched ten minutes of Beanie Seagal trying to act and turned my DVD player off to read a book. I had to. I felt like I was getting dumber by the minute for watching that short segment of the movie. It looked so common I didn't even need to see the rest to tell you the end. I'm willing to bet some people got shot, somebody got away with the crime, the police arrested Beanie, and somebody's mother was yelling at somebody. I don't even care if I'm right or wrong because regardless, I'm not gonna finish watching this movie
1	Fun family film This movie is one of my kids' favorites. In fact, it was the first live-action movie my older daughter could sit through, probably because it's pretty cartoonish live-action. The nice thing is that grownups can stand to watch it, too. It's very silly, of course, but there are lots of funny gags, many of which go right over the heads of children. There's a little bathroom humor, but what else would you expect in a movie with talking gorillas and an elephant that plays fetch? Best of all, from my point of view, is the fact that perfectly-cast Brendan Fraser spends a good portion of the movie wearing only a loincloth. I agree with other reviewers, however, that it would be nice if the DVD were in widescreen and came with some extras. But I'll settle for 90 minutes of happy children plus Brendan Fraser in a loincloth
1	A child's favorite. A true fan of Pokemon would enjoy this movie. It is now my two son's favorite of all the Pokemon movies in their collection of movies
0	Disaster at Sea It takes better than two hours to find out if the faux legendary pianist 1900 will go down with the Virginian when it is blown up at sea after being taken out of service. And it is two completely wasted hours. Hard to say what is most annoying -- the omnipresent voiceover, the philosophical twaddle that rationalizes why he never leaves the ship, the philosophical twaddle when he almost leaves the ship, the bad acting, the farcical piano duel with Jelly Roll Morton, the fleeting love story with a young passenger who looks like Amelia Earhart confused about why she's on a ship instead of her plane. The movie is splendidly photographed -- give it that much. I watched it because of the director's earlier Cinema Paradiso. He is a far better cinematic teller of memoirs than of fables.
1	Liked the better the 2nd and 3rd time I watched it. I have to admit that my expectations were high for this movie and I was initially disappointed. The plot was unrealistic and the ending far-fetched. Since I had bought it, I watched it again and found that it was one of those movies that needs to be watched more than once because the enertainment is in the one liners and very funny scenes. Watch it again. It is hilarious. -gooosfrab
0	cliche ridden ... I like Dennis Hopper and love Frederick Forrest. Neither of them are bad considering the atrocious dialogue and tired premise that they have to work with. They seem to be rolling their eyes at each other as they speak their lines. Sad to see such great talents wasted in a film filled with gratuitous violence and terrible "pop psychology" dialogue. Was there a point to this film
1	Simon and Garfunkel in Central Park DVD The DVD arrived on time and in excellent condition. We continue to enjoy the excellent service that Amazon provides
1	At last-they've got SpongeBob on DVD Wow! Now people without cable can see some episodes of SpongeBob SquarePants! This DVD contains some popular episodes, such as "Texas" with the song "I Want To Wake Up In Texas", and the episode, "F.U.N." with the FUN song. The DVD also has the episode, "The Graveyard Shift" which would have been good for the next DVD, "Halloween.
1	Funniest Office Comedy Around If you've ever worked for a corporation and dwelled in 'cubicle city', then this one's for you! You have to watch this movie. Ron Livingston and Jennifer Aniston are excellent in this film. It's taken from the "Milton" shorts and is absolutely hilarious
0	Faithful to its source; just not very entertaining Well, at least the movie is faithful to its source in its spirit. Based on a book written on 1902, it's nostalgia of the British empire belongs to that era. The plot deals with a soldier who is expelled from his regiment for refusing to go to fight a colonial war in Sudan because of his impending marriage. Not only his colleagues regard him now as a coward, but also his future wife. He had no choice then but to go to war to prove he is a real man and not a coward. The filmmakers try nothing in terms to bring the material up to date, to our more contemporary (and one hopes, more enlightened) attitudes. There's no post colonial guilt here whatsoever. In some ways, this speaks well of the filmmakers in terms of not trying to tamper with the original material; in another way, it is a bit shocking seeing such jingoism in a contemporary movie. All of this wouldn't matter much if the movie was entertaining; unfortunately, it is only intermittently so
0	Don't waste your time purchasing this product. I didn't like this video for several reasons. The rubber band is a waste of time and hurts your hands. I was looking for an aerobic video. I have Gilad - Bodies in Motion which is great but was getting bored with it since I had it for four years. Let me just say I'm sticking with Gilad because Denise does nothing for me. You don't even feel like you had a workout with her. She's boring. I would recommend Gilad for aerobics and Tamilee Webb for toning. Tamilee is awesome. I have many of her videos and I'm a true fan of hers
0	Bad This movie is just plain bad. It never should have been released for public consumption. I honestly cannot think of one good thing to say about this movie. It makes no sense that it would have 3 1/2 stars with 39 reviews. Something fishy is going on here. Enough time wasted on this one
1	It's good, but not great. John Wayne, a legendary hero. This box set has some good movies, I really liked the Westerns, but the rest of the movies I didn't care for. Unless you're really into John Wayne this might be one Box Set you may want to rent rather than buy.
0	Mediocre DVD Transfer; Average Sci-Fi Movie For a 2-disc, director's cut, my expectations were perhaps too high for this DVD. Nevertheless, I was appalled at the poor quality of the transfer. The colors were dull throughout, and focus was frequently not at the beginning of scenes. For the movie itself, I don't agree that it is holding up well over time. At 25 years old, the movie just has limited entertainment value for people who aren't waiting for their beloved canceled TV series to be on the big screen. There's no question that II and IV are the best of the series, but comparing it to other Star Trek original cast movies isn't putting the bar very high. My interest in watching this again was just having finished Melville's Moby Dick, the final scenes of which Khan repeats liberally during the final space battle. That said, I think Montalban was fantastic as the revenged-obsessed Khan and very evocative of Ahab. However, Shatner's pretentious Kirk just becomes more grating as time goes on. The original cast schtick just doesn't make for a compelling drama
0	It's a PERFECT example of today's horror movies Which isn't a good thing. If you've seen any recent horror flicks within the past 10 years(Taking Lives, Wrong Turn, I Still Know What you Did Last Summer, Scream), then you know it's filled with the dummest imaginable good guys, cheesy plot and almost un-killable bad guys. And scenes that are supposed to thrill you and you just wonder when this is going to end. I almost fell asleep in a few of those movies, that's how lame, tiring and boring they are. Fortunately, for this film, it has Jessica Alba and Seth Green, who are two fantastic actors/actresses and are always delightful to see. Seth Green is hilarious as the main characters buddy, and Jessica Alba is more then sexy. However, the movie is beyond cheesy(like a hand jumping out a microwave through the window, smashing the glass in the mean time and landing in the bush, but it can't escape the microwave. Or, when the lady(played by Vivica A. Fox(Kill Bill)) is hit by a car, which is backing up, and then is sent 50 feet. Uh huh, that's realistic. Ends sarcasm.) Then there is tones of un-necessary gore and silly scenes like the guy losing his head. And how exactly did his buddies get back? They don't explain anything and assume everything is magical. It delivers the comedy pretty well, thanks to Seth Green for that, but is just too silly, far too cheesy and extremely lame(a hand that is possessed? Please, give me a break.
1	Good workout but... I used the tape about 4 days a week and I really saw a difference in my body, especially my arms. I only did the toning portion. I felt silly doing the dance portion and I really don't care for the music. Other than that, I recommend this video for toning. I have also tried "Optimizer" and "Strength and Grace" which are also very good and there is no dancing.
0	Robots - Very Rusty and Out of Date This was a film I was anticipating becuase of the actors doing the voice over and the special effects. As far as animated features go this was the biggest dissappointment. The acting was good but Robin Williams did not receive as much screen time as Ewen McGreagor which meant it wasant as funny as it could have been. But the major problem was the story. Yes, it did have a good moral but the rest of the films story was weak, boring at times and just silly. I would recommend Ice Age or Garfiled: The Movie rather than this film
1	Death of a Dynasty I thought this movie was hilarious, and was not expensive at all
1	A Favorite! This is one of my all-time favorite movies! The atmosphere is dreamlike - expressed in the boy's sleepwalking and the unrepressable subconscious - a thing that communism disavows. Thus, the boy's very being becomes an expression of natural defiance toward the coming communist regime under Tito and its spirit-crushing regime. A classic flic. Highly recommended
1	buy this DVD/CD it is worth it This DVD/CD combo is a very worthy effort by Coheed and Cambria. It includes all of their hit songs and they are a joy to watch live. The only bad thing about this package is that the audio on the DVD is sub-par. This doesnt mean that it is bad, it just isnt the kind of quality I would expect from a big time band like Coheed and Cambria. Even though the audio isnt that great, I still watch the thing all the time. The best part of this package is the CD that comes along with it. This is worth buying this product alone. I suggest putting the CD on full blast and watching the DVD on mute. All in all I give the DVD 3 out of 5 and the CD 5 out of 5 which averages out to a decent 4. This should hold anyone that needs a Coheed fix until they put out their next C
0	The can be written for a Democrat, or Republican For that matter it can be written for any party candidate that wants the truth of his/her dirty secrets covered up. I feel that it's the most insulting film to be released. It hides the fact that we as citizens, and our government don't really care about who we stick in office. If the party lines up with what we believe in screw the fact he had to cover something up. I can't fathom why we continue to fall for this all the time, and believe me I don't feel it's right to air it all over the news either. I feel that it comes down to the man, and if he does have the values his/her party believes in then he will do the honorable thing, and own up to his/her mistake. This movie is just another nail to drive into the justification that it's alright to cover things up, and there are no absolutes, or rights or wrongs. Wht happens when we tick off the wrong person who's rich? Do we wait until then to change the moral? That's Pathetic, and so is this movie
0	I love most of Bob Odenkirk's work... I think I've seen almost everything Bob's been involved with and this just didn't do it for me. If you have friends and they aren't complete dullards, you've probably had most of the conversations you'll see in this movie
1	fulcis blood drenched classic lucio fulcis zombi 2 is in my opinion the greatest zombie movie ever made[dawn of the dead is a close second]and should be in every horror fans collection. people say that its a rip off of romeros films, but doesnt every zombie film take something from night or dawn of the dead. romero basicaly created the whole undead zombie genre. fulcis picture is actually quite original. the setting being in the tropical islands of south america is very effective. the zombies look amazing, much better than romeros blue shaded gut munchers. fulcis zombies are rotting, decaying monsters. each one has its own original qualities. the only thing i dont love about the movie is the pacing. it takes like 40 minutes for the film to get going, but once it does get going its a nonstop zombie gorefest. speaking of gore, zombi 2 has plenty of it. the wooden splinter through the eye scene is to this day one of the most infamous gore scenes ever put onto film. if you havnt seen this movie then you should first punch youself in the face and then go buy it immediatly.
1	The Story of the World's Most Famous Disco In the mid to late 1970s, disco music was king and everyone enjoyed going to the clubs and dancing the night away. In this story of New York's world-famous Studio 54, the story is told through the eyes of Shane O'Shea (Ryan Phillippe), a young man from New Jersey who manages to get onto the guest list and into the very exclusive club. A gas station attendant by day, Shane soon finds himself as one of the regulars and manages to secure himself a job at the club as a bus boy/bartender. Shane befriends two of the club's workers, Greg Randazzo (Brechin Meyer) and his wife Anita (Salma Hayek). They invite Shane to move in to their apartment, but Greg soon suspects that Shane and Anita are having an affair. Shane actually has fallen for Julie Black (Neve Campbell), another regular. A soap opera star, Shane is intrigued by her beauty and is immediately drawn to her. After a while, the two begin a relationship. Meanwhile, Steve Rubell, played magnificently by Mike Myers, has been laundering money from the club. Each night, he sends bags full of money out with the trash to be picked up and taken away, out of sight of the I.R.S. This scam goes on for quite some time until finally the I.R.S. finds out about Rubell's operation and raids the club. Shane, spurned in the end by Julie, eventually leaves 54 to become a college student and restaurant manager. Steve Rubell is sentenced to 18 months in prison and is forced to sell 54 in a plea agreement. He is allowed to remain as a "consultant" to the new ownership, and he also throws a big party at the club's re-opening, attended by Shane, Greg, and Anita. Studio 54 was indeed the king of the discos. Celebrities from all over the world, including Andy Warhol and Truman Capote, were regular visitors to the club. The music was loud, and sex and drugs were freely available. Unfortunately, 54 never really regained its prominence after its re-opening, and it closed down for good in 1986. Steve Rubell died in 1989 at age 45. This movie does an excellent job of showcasing the very famous club, right down to the throngs of people who begged to get in each night. The acting in the film is very good, but Mike Myers stands out above the rest. His superb portrayal of the eccentric but troubled Steve Rubell is the highlight of the film. Having grown up in the 70s, I remember reading about Studio 54 and what a fantastic place it was. This movie shows both the bright and dark sides of the famous disco. I recommend this movie highly. If you're a child of the 70s like me, then you'll remember the disco music and the almost surreal essence that 54 had. Watch this movie and enjoy a trip back to when disco ruled and 54 was the place everyone wanted to go
1	The Future As We Know It The Future Is Wild takes a peek into the future as we know it. There are three discs. The first one is set five million years into the future. It is the middle of another Ice Age. There is an introduction and four episodes. Every other disc has four episodes. Episode 1: Return of the Ice Shagrats stuggle to survive as they are stalked by hungry Snowstalkers. The Shagrat looks like a cross between a capybara and a lemming. The snowstalker is a white cat with sabre-tooth like fangs. Episode 2: The Vanished Sea The bottom of Europe and the tip of Africa has come together, blocking off the Mediterrainean from the Atlantic Ocean. This has caused all the water to evaporate, only leaving a salt flat.On this salt flat lives a family of cryptiles, lizard-like animals that run on two legs. Islands, have become small patches of land covered with crevases. On the crevases, lives the scrofa, a pig-like animal that is in constant danger. Episode 3: Praries of the Amizonia The amazon rainforest has died out and become a vast plain. On these plains, Karakillers hunt in groups to track down the Babookaris. Also, the rattleback has evolved from various marsupiels and has formed a fire-proof exterior. Episode 4: Cold Kansas Desert The rattleback is also making a stand in the Kansa desert. A bird species called the spinks, has adapted to underground life through the raging sandstorms. Also, the deathgleaners hunt for them on the surface like bats. The second disc travels 100 million years into the future to find out more about the corse of evolution. Episode 5: Waterland The octopus family is taking its irst crawls onto land. The new name is the swampus. Their nest are located in plants, wich are in consistant danger of being toppled over by Torutons. Torutons are 120 ton creatures that feed on 1,323 pounds of food a day. Surprizingly, there closest relatives today is the tiny tortoise. In the water, the lurkfish is always wating to shock its prey with 1,000 volts of electricity. Episode 6: Flooded World This episode is set in the shallow seas of the future. Many, many jellyfish have formed together to form the ocean phantom. In the ocean phantom's tenticles, the spindle trooper is always ready to get the food. By food, I mean the reef glider. Episode 7: Tropical Antarctica Antarctica has come north to the equator. As a result, it is covered with lush rainforests. These rainforests are home to spitfire beetles and spitfire birds. The flutterbird is also a welcome guest to this new Antarctica. Episode 8: The Great Plateau A great blue windrunner dominates the high altitudes of the new plateau. The plateau was formed when Australia when north and struck North America and Asia. The great blue windrunner is a four winged bird that relys on the silver spider for food. The silver spider relys on the last mammal ever, the poggle, to give them food. They feed the poggle until it is fat enough, and then they kill it and feed the poor creature to the queen. On the final disc, The timestream eccelerates to 200 million years into an alien world. Episode 9: The Endless Desert 100 million years earlier, a massive asteroid impact wiped out 95 percent of the Earth's life-forms. After the world recovered, Pangea II became the new land mass. The endless desert was home to a veriety of creatures like the terabyte, and antlike insect thet shot sticky goo at its prey. Its prey, meaning the centapede-like garden worm, was helpless. In the water, the gloomworm and the slickribbon live in a bloody world. Eisode 10: The Global Ocean With one landmass, there was one ocean. The ocean flish flew over this ocean and fed on the common silver swimmer. But the food chain dosn't stop there. The rainbow squid feasts on the flish and the Sharkopah considers the rainbow squid a delicacy. Episode 11: Graveland Desert This world is home to a one legged snail called the desert hopper. These creatures share their desert home with a menagerie of other aliens including the deathbottle, the grimworm, and the bumblebeetle. Episode 12: Tentacled Desert In this final episode, squids have evolved to immense sizes, and have moved onto the land perminantly. The megasquid is a perfect example. This beast is larger then an elephant! Though it is huge, its flaw is that it is not very smart. Its treetop dwelling relative, the squibbon, is very social and very smart. This species could even trigger another civilization... This is the exact reason that the future is wild
0	Worst movie I've ever seen I would have given this film 0 stars if possible. This film was long, boring, and painful to watch. If you like Jane Austen films or other BBC period films, do not be deceived by this one; it is nothing like those types of films
0	I've seen better A high-school kid could make up a better story. Watch out for the Liger! Part Lion part Tige
1	Absolutely hilarious!!! I just saw this on Comedy Central today and laughed so hard I cried!! And I was sick with a cold and flu, too, but it was so good that, after it was over, my husband and I went out shopping to try and find a copy to buy so that we could see it without the editing and commercials. Found a copy to rent, but it's so good I want my own copy to keep! Couldn't find it anywhere to buy today, so I'm ordering it from Amazon now and thought I'd put in my two cents about how great it is. Kirsten Dunst and Michelle Williams are too priceless as the 15-year-old best friends who stumble unwittingly into the Watergate mess in 1972. They are befriended by Tricky Dick, who gives them jobs as Offical White House Dog Walkers of his famous dog "Checkers" in an attempt to please them so they won't talk about what they've seen (they don't know what they witnessed anyway, which is what makes it so funny). The entire cast is first rate and I haven't laughed this hard at a new comedy (new for ME, I mean) since I first saw "Me, Myself & Irene". This movie isn't nearly as crude in humor as the latter, but as far as the writing and the comedic talents of the fantastic cast, it ranks right up there with any of the funniest movies I've ever seen. Sure to put you in a great mood! :) :) The simplistic premise of the movie could have made it go either way (either really great or really awful), but these actors made it fantastic to watch and must have certainly had a blast filming it. I don't know if the DVD has outtakes but I hope so; I bet they would be hilarious to see. I was holding my breath the last few seconds as I waited for the ending, hoping it was going to be worthy of the rest of the film, and was NOT dissapointed. Laughed my b**t off at the ending!! Give it a watch; if you love to laugh, and especially if you were a dreamy teenage girl in the 70's who covered her bedroom walls with posters of Bobby Sherman and David Cassidy (like I did!), you'll LOVE this movie. It's not just for 40-something gals, either; my 50-year-old husband laughed himself silly too!!
1	The Great Muttering Sailor Man Opinions are like noses: everyone has one. Some like it, some don't. Let me say this, however, in defense of this 1980 movie starring Robin Williams as Popeye. It is certainly unfair to say, by any stretch, that this is 'the worst movie of all-time', or 'one of the worst...'. It is funny how, at the time of this writing, that the average vote for this film is about 4.5 stars...Actually that is about right. For those who do not know about the wonderful website called The Internet Movie Database (IMDb.com), you really need to check it out. [...] My point is this: There are many opinions. So if you have never seen this movie, decide for yourself. Do you remember the incredible muttering Popeye (done by Jack Mercer on the cartoons)?. I'm talking especially about the early Fleischer Studios Popeye cartoons from the 30's. You know, the ones in black-and-white. That's what I loved the most, the muttering Popeye. Well, Robin Williams does it superbly! Also, Shelly Duvall is excellent as Olive Oyl in this movie. Granted, the story is kind of bland. The music is not always top notch. Yes, it is too long. However, I enjoyed watching Robin Williams' masterful portrayal of everyone's favorite Sailor Man. Sure, Olive can get a little annoying at times, but wasn't she basically that way in the cartoons? So if you loved the muttering Popeye, then you'll love the movie, overall. Never mind the story. The storyline doesn't really matter, I feel. But, alas, you say you cannot really remember those vintage Popeye cartoon shorts too well. Not to worry! They are scheduled to be released on DVD... FULLY RESTORED!!! Volume 1 (1933 - 1938), with a July 2007 scheduled release, will have, in my opinion, the very best of all the 230 total Popeye cartoon shorts. (Incidently, William Costello provided Popeye's voice from 1933 until sometime in 1935. He was very good also, but the really GREAT muttering came when Jack Mercer took over in 1935). By all means, if you are a huge Popeye fan like myself, then you absolutely must get these DVDs. After listening to the great Jack Mercer, and watching the incredible animation in those early years, then compare Popeye to Robin Williams' version. I dare say, you will see the similarity. So, the bottom line is: See for yourself. If you love Popeye, the character, then you will not be disappointed with Robin Williams' performance. The movie itself... well, you be the judge. Likely you have a nose, so without a doubt you, too will have an opinion. It's ALL alright.
0	Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Movie I apologize the the children's author for mis-using the title of a very good book, but it seemed so right! Assuming that the Greeks lived much like the Oliver Stone asserts, and why not, then it was hard to be Macedonian, Greek, and royal. There is enough angst in this movie for the rest of Alexander's cut short life. Three hours of this much angst is three hours too much. I give it 2 stars for the scenery, the story that is probably pretty spot on, and the fact that someone had the good sense to have Sir Anthony Hopkins and Christpher Plummer in the movie. They are the redeeming features of the whole thing. But I would not recommend this movie to anyone looking for a more historical venue. Read a good book about it!! Sorry, Oliver, but it's JFK all over again. Plausible, but just not the case
1	I can't imagine... ...I'm the only one who noticed that, besides the satire about managements, unions, and their relations, there is also one, although briefer nonetheless most interesting, about 'Justice', who decides that if one is guilty of honesty, it can only happen by reason of insanity, and, therefore must be committed. Leaving management going on with their cheating schemes, workers thinking that getting their paycheck is working hard enough, and unions' leaders going on encouraging sabotage, following USSR directions, absolutely blind to the fact that, if doing one tenth of the same stuff in USSR, they would have been -at best- sent to the siberian salt mines used as reeducation camps
1	Worth Every Penny Anyone interested in the way a cold-blooded killer's mind works will be fascinated by this DVD. I got shivers watching it. Product arrived in mint condition and before the seller stated it would. I would definitely buy again from this seller
0	Dissappointing I wasn't expecting Disney, but I was less than thrilled by this feature. I'm assuming there's a genera of animation produced in the mid 70's that took the whole 'stoner' heavy metal thing and ran with it. Many many long drawn out scenes with rock music and psychedelic colors that did nothing for the story. I am an animation junkie and will watch anything and everything, but I couldn't get through this whole film
0	Shockingly Revisionist and Doctrinaire View of Jazz History Throughly dismisses all Jazz after 1960, including Fusion, Free Jazz, and everything thereafter. Marsalis actually calls Cecil Taylor's music "self-indulgent bullsh**" Apparently Taylor was not allowed to rebut this during the film. How was that allowed to air on the supposedly intellectual (but more likely agenda-driven) on PBS, I will never understand. If you think Swing is the only valid form of Jazz, you will love this series. If you think Coltrane is a God, you get five minutes' summary. So lets see here: 15 hours on Louis Armstrong and Duke, 5 minutes on Coletrane, and a total didmissal of everything after Duke's death. Reminds me of the Republisuck's "Fair and Balanced" nonsense. PBS, this is your wake-up call. Stop trying to rewrite history - Jazz ain't in a museum. Just ask the artists (most of whom are alive) whom Burns left out. Metheny, you out there
1	Loved My Big Fat Greek Wedding This movie pictured a sizable segment of the U.S. population that has not gotten much attention in the movies - the high involvement Mediterranean family. Many Italians I know said that it could have been their family. The movie works so well because the author and star really lived and knew the life she depicted. I enjoyed the wry humor. At the beginning I was prepared to hate her father. He was so sexist and bullying and anti-intellectual. And the women of the family were so cynically manipulative. It did not occur to me until late into the movie that the father was really afraid. He had only the best in mind for his family, and that included his daughters, and that he too felt out of his element in a different mix of cultures that is the United States. One other detail pleased me; the role of the community college in helping people break free from a confining life to move up in the world. Not only do they learn academic things, they meet wonderful people from other cultures there, fall in love, and marry them. The photography was wonderful and the acting was superb, especially since the movie was made on a tight budget. This is one of the best films I have seen in the past ten years.
0	Boring and unfunny I love Leslie Nielsen especially the Naked Gun series but this movie is just awful. No belly laughs. No laughs. Maybe a chuckler here and there but that's it. Save your money
0	Beautiful and Unique, but oddly frustrating Dancing on Dangerous Ground is best described as a ballet expressed through the medium of Irish dance. The costuming is modern and the acts form a very cohesive story (much more so than Riverdance), but the superposition of romance, tragedy, and war on a dance invented for celebration seems...contradictory at best. The performance is technically excellent, and for some, the military scenes alone will make the DVD worth it. But the Irish Legend - a tale of a first officer and a queen who betray their king not unlike Lancelot and Guinevere - has Griana truncating her forms so as not to bounce too much during her lament, and both leads trying to express longing without breaking Irish posture during their romance. In that sense, watching Dancing on Dangerous Ground is kind of like admiring a painting of the sunset over a tropical beach done in glorious black and white. Even if you think black and white photography is beautiful, and love sunsets and the tropics, you end up wishing that the painter had chosen to change either the subject, or the medium. The one place where medium and subject DO work well is in the military scenes, where Irish precision is put to amazing use; then the watcher can feel the rhythm and the power conveyed, even through the TV screen. But in the scenes in between, I found myself craving a no-hold-barred energetic number that expressed the joy of Irish dance (like the ones which made Riverdance famous), and wishing for the full upper-body expression of a ballet during some oddly stilted during laments and romantic scenes. As an Irish dance piece it's well executed, and as a ballet the costuming is inventive and the music beautiful, but there's an odd quality to watching it. Sometimes it gives the impression of muted color, sometimes of undersold majesty, but always there's the feel that the passion, while *almost* there, is somehow still missing.
