0	No baloobalot here I was disappointed that the "Open Your Eyes (Baloobalot Hot House Piano Dub)" by Rhythm Scholar was not on this CD. It's really the only Donovan worth listening to. Skip this and get something by Ochwat & Sam or Spanky My Monkey instead
1	Supreme Gothenberg Thrash! Finally some good old fashion HEAVY thrash metal from thrash giants The Haunted. I will say that every track is amazing, it's a non stop pulsating blast of thrash shoved down your thropat and bursting your ear drums. Yes it is that good. Now maybe I've over hyped it, but I loved it that much. I haven't heard something this good since Carnal Forge! For fan of Carnal Forge, Slayer, and Lamb of God, you definately must check this band out! Good musicianship, fast paced, brutal, and heavy thrash is what can be found here. A must buy
0	NICE TRY! The restoration of a Vivaldi opera must be a commendable effort specially if filling in big voids and rebuilding major missing parts of the masterpiece. Motezuma is such an example where ample musical and artistic license was taken to bring it to life. Like restoring a canvas where not only the colors and forms had faded but also sizeable parts were ripped off and lost, reconstructing Motezuma presents the challenge for the restorer of thinking and dreaming, and becoming as inspired as Vivaldi. In listening to Motezuma, one can pick up the original Vivaldian compositions from the reconstructed material as clear as looking at a combination painting part Picasso part Michelangelo. As much as such painting can be taxing to the eye, portions of this opera can be as disappointing to the ear. Except for several arias and the two sinfonias, the music has a touch and taste of the 1800's, but not of the baroque settecento. The juxtaposition of the restorative style is also distractive, and just does not work. It makes at times the orchestration devoid of the Vivaldi unf , charm, and texture. Nonetheless, Motezuma's musical beauty can be found in great arias such as D'ira e Furor Armato, La Figlia Lo Sposo, Gl'otraggi della Sorte, D'ove La Figlia?, S'impugni La Spada, and performances by Vito Priante, Inga Kalna, and Marijana Mijanovic. Bravo for Vito Priante and his interpretation of GI'otraggi della Sorte, and D'ove la Figlia. He does a great ornamentation in the da capos, and turns up the volume in all the right notes. Just like "Terribile lo Sento", and "Orribile lo Scempio", "GI'otraggi" shares the same musicalization. Somehow, this version of the score is especially more dramatic and subtlely more melodic.
0	Good house music does not equal good music 2 1/2 Competent though disappointing, this highly referenced trance album cannot escape it's plodding, dated backbone of a beat, no matter how refined and professional the production tries to be. Of course, listening to the album 13 years later, one immediately feels the bland, aged thump soaked into the generic sequencing and tonality, which is not to say the album was not worthy of the praise it garnered upon release-in House-centric circles that is. The thudding, ever present, 4/4 layering of a pulse that guides entirely too much mainstream electronic music out there will vastly undermine any of the dreamy atmosphere heavily present on this ambitious little club-hopper, rendering most of the Yanni-with-edge keyboard melodies banal. Thankfully once in a while, particularly at the start and finish of the disc, a semi-potent spell is afforded these static conditions, allowing Dreamland to shine in refreshingly unrestricted ways
0	"The Best Of..."?..As compared to what? This item is billed as "The Best Of " Shatner and Nimoy..Now I really do have to wonder about the use of the word"Best"here...Neither Shatner nor Spock can sing,so this album exists as a goof...But there really isn't anything funny about the material contained on this disc...indeed,since at the time it was recorded both performers took themselves and thier efforts very seriously,the sides on this album were never intended as joke material..The fact that they HAVE become joke material still does not excuse the fact than any of these sides,by either of these two actors,were ever recorded...Now I like a good joke when I hear one,as well as the next guy,and I appreciate comic tunes,but the dull,tedious,often over-wrought balderdash that is to be found on this album stupefies rather than entertains... Getting back to the use of the word"Best" as a descrition of what is contained on this album...If this stuff is the"best" that either man is capable of I can only shudder at the thought of what the stuff left off this compilation must sound like..."Best"...as in The"best"manure the cow has to offer?..As in It's "Best" to shoot oneself in the head rather than endure these tunes?Or maybe "best" as in IT WOULD BE "BEST"TO AVOID WASTING YOUR HARD-EARNED MONEY ON THIS FLAPDOODLE....That is a use of the word "best"that is appropriate....
1	It takes a few listens to fully appreciate, but it's worth it! Being a fan of The Divine Comedy since they released Casanova in 1996, I was really looking forward to their latest album. Much like a lot of previous releases by The DC, this album takes a few listens to fully appreciate it. When I first listened to it, I was disappointed with most of the early tracks and didn't listen beyond track 7. However, repeated listens have definitely added a great deal to my enjoyment of this collection. Track-by-track: 1. To Die A Virgin - Amusing lyrics, but the melody doesn't do anything for me. Opinion seems to be very divided on most of the tracks here, this being no exception. It sounds a bit flat to me. 2. Mother Dear - An unusual country track with a catchy melody, but a far too repetitive chorus. Musically it's great, but the constant repetition of "Mother Dear" quickly becomes tiresome. 3. Diva Lady - Not bad, but hardly the strongest of melodies penned by Neil Hannon. Annoyingly it sticks in your head - I'd rather it didn't! 4. A Lady Of A Certain Age - Beautiful melodies, wonderful instrumentation, and moving lyrics. I've always liked Hannon's voice, but this is the kind of track his singing is best suited to. Stunning. 5. The Light Of Day - A bright, upbeat melody, again with some beautiful instrumentation - strings and harpsichord really add to the classical rock style that the DC have always done so well. 6. Threesome - A charming 1 minute piano instrumental that provides a good break in the middle of the album. 7. Party Fears Two - Elsewhere I've hear people calling The Plough pompous; if any track sounds pompous, it is this one. I haven't heard the original but the strings are overdone for a riff that isn't all that special. The chorus is better than the verse, but this just sounds out of place here. 8. Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious World - This one's quite odd. I didn't expect to like it at all but it really grows on you. Great lyrics, a very enjoyable melody and plenty of decoration around the various melodies. Very well composed indeed. 9. The Plough - As I mentioned earlier, I couldn't disagree more with the notion that this track sounds pompous. It's an absolute masterpiece. A wonderful build-up in each verse and throughout the track. A similar feel to The Certainty of Chance or Freedom Road, this is one of the best tracks I have ever heard from the DC. 10. Count Grassi's Passage Over Piedmont - The opening melody links well from The Plough. Great melodies throughout, an unusual mix of spoken/sung lyrics, not dissimilar to The Booklovers - but much easier to hear more than a few times over. Very special, and unique! 11. Snowball In Negative - Yet again, the orchestral arrangements are superb. Interesting contrast between the vocal sections and the piano solos, showing that Threesome wasn't such an anomaly after all. The ending is a little unexpected and slightly drawn out, but this track wraps up the album well. Apart from the first few tracks, this is possibly the best DC album I've ever heard. It's right up there with Promenade and Fin De Siecle and is a welcome reminder that Hannon is highly unlikely to lose his touch anytime soon. Beautiful
0	CD not compatible with car CD player. I was unable to play in my car CD player, so only choice I got is to listen at home using my home DVD player.
0	ZZZZzzzzzzz I've always seen Sheryl Crow as a middle-of-the-road rock artist. My wife and I got a couple of her disc's, plus that "very best of" CD and was really looking forward to her latest, but this one...zzzzzzzz, makes me wonder what they're putting in Sheryl's coffee. Some reviewers are saying there's "heart and soul" all over this album? That may be, but it's also very slick dullsville stuff too. As for the album cover graphics, I don't see the Roger Dean Yes covers or the 60's style psychedelia like one reviewer wrote, but a very "modern" graphic art that lots of artists and bands have been using. Kelly Clarkson, the Vines, the Donnas, the list goes on. Highlights: Good is Good (I guess it's time for a new "very best of" collection)
1	One Of The Best Jazz/Country Fusion Ever Done - Not Air Head Pop Forget about the pop music of Loggins and Messina. This album is different. This happens to be the best Jazz/Country fusion album ever done. There's great musicianship here. There's EXCELLENT instrumental solos that can take up half of the track as in "Move On". This is superb music that never made it to the radio. These tracks are simply too long to have gotten air play back in the 1970s. L&M put together a truly great album with Mother Lode but not too many people have heard it. Sadly, they broke up shortly after this album was released. Afterwards, Kenny made a come-back by going strictly pop.
0	The worst CD in History! The Black Eyed Peas are the WORST group is rap HISTORY! Its hard to believe that anyone could make music worse than the Black Eyed Peas. This group is an embarasment to Rap, Hip-Hop, R&B, and any other type of music ever created. How and why people continue to support these lame, extremely non-talented rejects of the rap world is completely unbelievable. I thought thier last CD was trash, but this has incredibly surpassed the low mark set by Elephunk, which should have been called, "Hey let'sell out and attempt to create the worst music ever known to man". The only good news is that theyll soon be forgotten about as they have just murdered thier musical careers, and will have to resort to doing jingles for commmercials in order to survive. These three unoriginal, talentless, boring, annoying, sellout, fake wanna-bes should stop making ANY kind of music and get completely out of the music business. Tonight I willl pray very hard that these bafoons of the music industry NEVER make another song EVER!!!! To say that they SUCK would be a compliment, they would have to practice constantly for the next 1,000 years THEN make a deal with the devil just to scrape up enough talent to suck! Theyre just that HORRIBLE!!
1	Puddle of Mudd - My New Favorite Album If you like Nickelback and Theory of a Deadman, you are in for a treat. This group rocks! Where Nickelback's Chad punches out his lines (most excellent), Puddle of Mudd is very melodious and has a great all-round sound going. This album is absolutely their best work to date and I am excited to hear some new tunes from this awesome band. Keep 'em coming! :
0	Bush's weakest effort. Kate Bush's second album, "Lionheart", may be the weakest in her catalog. Its clear Bush did not want to fall into the trap of constructing "The Kick Inside Part Two", and instead reaches in a number of different directions, some successful, some less so. Musically, the album takes stabs at ballads similar to the first record ("In Search of Peter Pan", "In the Warm Room"), a more pop structure ("Wow"), rhythmic shifts ("Don't Put Your Foot on the Heartbrake") an almost shuffle ("Fullhouse") and a gret rock song ("Hammer Horror"). Lyrically, Bush has added a level of sensuality to her work ("Symphony in Blue") and shows no sign of shying away from controversial subjects ("Kashka from Baghdad"). The problem is that it doesn't hang together well to my mind-- admittedly, my rating for the album is in many ways relative to Bush's other work, no album with the absolutelyu amazing "Kashka from Baghdad" can be all that bad, and certainly "Symphony in Blue" is strong enough to stop you in your tracks, but the album just doesn't work for me. For early Bush, try her debut ("The Kick Inside") or the stunning "Never For Ever"
0	This album is terrible I didn't like Keep Right album at all and i was very disappointed.
0	POP GARBAGE Something that someone who claims to be COUNTRY should NOT do. Even though these girls are already pop, remixing it to make it even more pop was a HUGE mistake! Then again, they have to do something to sell more cd's! LOL!!
0	Disappointment The soundtrack was a total disappointment since I purchhased it entirely for the last track featuring some awesome guitar. I will be returning it tomorrow
1	Expensive for 32 minutes To begin with, whatever else one might say about this album, it has to be acknowledged that the import price for this disc, considering that it is only 32 minutes long, makes it a somewhat overpriced EP. Meanwhile, this somewhat forgotten quasi-gem from Alice sits comfortably between the New Wave / post-Hollywood production of "Flush the Fashion" and his most strongly novelty-influenced album, "Zipper Catches Skin". Generally, there's a stripped down sensibility musically, and less purely goofy lyrics. Partly, this is due to the opening "Who Do You Think We Are," which presents a rather oblique look, perhaps, at special forces. The music is very stripped down--no, extremely stripped down compared to "Welcome to my Nightmare" or "Goes to Hell" or all of his later metal albums--it's as if Alice is getting in touch with his inner garage here. Vocally, Alice provides his usual range of dark sneers, wide-eyed irony, and generally witty lyrics. Certainly a promising start. "Seven & Seven Is" (a cover) rattles along continuously with a snare drum, with jangly distortion guitars, occasional electronic flourishes, and Alice pretty much resorting to straight-up growly voice throughout. Hard though not to like an energetic song that declares, "Oom Beh Beh Oom Beh Beh yea." "Prettiest Cop on the Block," as the name suggests is a transvestite policeman tale. Definitely shot through with machismo, this is no limp-wristed rendition. "I got a stiff reputation with a stick like a rock. My kids are confused, and my wife is in shock." The vocals are the growls as previously--the I've-been-drinking-and-smoking-too-much gravel kind of voice. The music is a bit uninspired, particularly the drums. The novelty of the song wears out in fairly short order. "Don't Talk Old to Me" manages to vary things musically, finally. A fairly deft combination of kind of heavy-handed guitar and lyrics set next to a chorus that features keyboards and a number of layered dialoguing vocal lines. The lyrics, of course, have a certain cleverness as an adult obviously complains about being told to give up all his toys, such as guns and cars. There are more musical details and variation in this song than the previous ones--the particular combination of comedy and seriousness here is pretty convincing. "Generation Landslide `81" is a reprise of the lyrically excellent tune from "Billion Dollar Babies" (the tune, in fact, that gives us the phrase "billion dollar babies"). A military-march style snare kicks along, as simple guitar chords back up Alice's cultural rant, and adds a verse or two to the original. One of the effects of this song is to point out some of the less inspired aspects of the rest of the disc, but that doesn't mean one isn't glad for it being here. Energetic, socially incisive Alice. "You Want It, You Got It" let's out Alice's inner used car salesman, as he vocally sleazes his way through this either brilliant send up of the worst of New Wave music, or a rather unfortunate example of it. Cheesy keyboards and ham-fisted drum machine, many years later this song sounds so dated that it almost ceases to be dated. If this song really tickles your fancy, then "Zipper Catches Skin" will be a treasure trove for you as this is definitely a prequel of that album to come. Harmless cheese, one may not expect "cute" from Alice, but here you are. "You Look Good in Rags" returns to a more traditional rock ensemble, guitar lead and all. This workaday rocker never really quite stands up, even with the semi-barbershop acapella section of "rags rag rags" toward the end, clipping scissors effect and all. The non-stellarness of it does not mean that it's hopelessly boring. It's kind of good, harmless fun--it's just, one doesn't expect this sort of thing from Alice. "You're a Movie" is a ridiculous cheeky monologue by a would be heroic general type. The music is thoroughly 80s, guitar tone and gacky keyboards all. And, in fact, the chorus that chants, "You're a movie" is completely dead and unspirited. So what makes this pure novelty song ever-fresh, ever-delightful and really very funny are Alice's intercut remarks. They say that in comedy timing is everything, and Alice shows that he's got it in spades here. Technically a pretty awful song, one cannot help digging the wily wit Alice puts out. The last track, "Vicious Rumours" provides that obligatory Alice song about public perception. The vocals here draw out the snideness more. One wishes (throughout the album) that the drums were set back more in the mix, and the guitars brought forward, but there's more energy in this particular rocker than most of the rest of the album. So, overall one can hardly recommend this album without qualifications, especially if you are getting here by way of his first band, or by his later work, like "Brutal Planet". As a kind of essay in cheese, and sheer low-fi production goofiness--and particularly of a sound that is glued immovably to the 80s--then you might enjoy this. Again, the import price is awfully steep for such a short disc. A used copy seems a better way to go.
1	New Age Supertramp Anyone? OK I can't myself here, but this guy really listened to a lot Supertramp growing up or something. I liked to album, but I can hear hints of Supertramp's style in about half the songs here in different degrees. "Bad Day" probably the most notable of the bunch really sounds like something that came of the "Breakfast in America" album to me. Still the album is enjoyable though, especially if you did like Supertramp. I get the Leo Sayer hook, but I think it's off a bit. Leo never used that many keyboards
0	I'm a fan...but this CD is not good. Luckily, I only paid 5 bucks for the used copy. I mean do we really want to hear incomplete songs? I don't. The couple of actual completed songs are pretty good so it gets 2 stars as opposed to the one star it probably deserves. Bruce really took a page from Gene's book here and went after the money. Should be an EP and nothing more
0	cheap sounding If you like your music reproduced with a synthesizer and 80's production quality, than this cd is for you. Other than that, you have to ask yourself why it was $10 at Walmart as stated by a previous review. (hint: not because it was a hidden gem)I couldn't give this less than a star because of the song selection. That is all this cd has going for it. So read the songs, enjoy it for what it is worth, move along and buy another comp that closely resembles this. (All in that order) Sorry drew, now go back to the drawing board
1	We need musiq like this now Every track on da CD is hott. Itz a good CD to ride to at night & make love to. The girlz can sing their ass off. I really didnt know anything about these girls until 1 of my girls put me on to them & i have had their CD play-n ever since. Like i said all the trackz are hott but my personal favorites are Get up on It, Surrender,& Keep On. If you are think-n about get-n it-get it...you'll love it & if u dont something wrong wit your earz. Not like-n this is like say-n 12 Play is wack & u know everybody love 12 PLa
1	takes a while to appreciate first of all, I should state that I am the number one Steely Dan fan in the world and yeah I know, this is a Fagen work. when I first listened to this CD I was unimpressed. same old same old. But listen again (and again) and it will grow on you. it will remind you of the days when you said to yourself "this band is *$%#@ good - i'm glad so-and-so (kathy) turned me on to them". favorite track is "mary shut the garden door" - not because of the lyrics but because of the jazz.
0	Great Songs - marginal recording It is tough to appreciate the spirit and enthusiasm that these tunes usually convey. Good song selection, but it sounds like this was recorded by a 30 piece high school band in their band room. I highly recommend going directly to your favorite college web site and purchasing their own arrangement and recording. No band can play any other school's song with the same emotion given to their own fight song
1	Oscar Lopez CD I find the music of Oscar Lopez in this CD to meet all my expectations and I would highly recommend this purchase to those seeking the music of an accoustical latino guitarist This was my first selection by Oscar Lopez, but I have no doubt it will not be my last. He is very talented and his music is very rewarding
0	More reverb than a Def Leppard album! I like Slayer. I really do. This is one of the fastest, heaviest metal bands in existance, but I could never get in to their early albums, especially Hell Awaits. I tend to prefer their later albums like Reign in Blood, because they were much better produced. Rick Rubin made those records sound the way a speed metal record should, with everything up front in your face. Reign in Blood had the most "in your face" sound of any record I've ever heard. Hell Awaits on the other hand is just soaked in so much reverb that it sometimes reminds me of "Pyromania" by Def Leppard! This is one of the heaviest bands in existance. How is a speed metal band supposed to sound heavy when their producer insists on making them in to the speed metal version of Def Leppard? Thrash is supposed to be "in your face". There's no place for reverb on a speed metal record. You want to hear heavilly reverbed production, than go buy a Def Leppard CD! I myself prefer a more aggressive style that fits this kind of music. Down with reverb! I HATE reverb! Layers of reverb have no place in speed metal
0	The worst album ever This album really sucks. The only good song on it is the last song on the tape
0	Don't get your hopes up I was very excited when I finally received this CD because of all of the great reviews. I listened to the first song- it was good. I listen to the third- it was okay. By the time I reached the very end, I realized all of the songs sounded the same except for one. The music is mostly composed of the traditional rock guitar with a combination of techno sounds. The melodies have been slightly changed, and some have a slower tempo than the originals. I don't mind any of these things. The problem I had was with their lack of a variety of different instruments and styles. All of the songs are semi-hard rock with techno sounds from late 80's music (I can't stand those cheesy saxophone sounds). I wish they added a few vocalists to the music, used a combination of styles, and not try to fill every second with a barrage of sounds. I suggest you buy a couple songs, but not waste your money on buying the whole CD
1	Classic Cuts And New Sounds. Just in time for their induction into the Rock N' Roll Hall Of Fame comes this new Blondie collection that showcases some of the band's most popular, influential songs, material from their recent releases and a mash-up with one of the bands that influenced them. "Sound & Vision," like most Best Of sets is both a good introduction to the band's music and a well-assembled collection for the casual listener who likes Blondie, but enough to purchase every album. There is no doubt that Debbie Harry and the gang not only produced good music, but were one of the main reasons why we have real chick rockers like Shirley Manson, Gwen Stefani and yes, Madonna. Befire Princess Diana ever graced magazine covers, Harry was the most photographed woman in the world but a real Punk at heart, posing at times with such figures as Joey Ramone and Iggy Pop (eventhough at one point Patti Smith told her to "get the f--k out of rock n' roll"). "Sound And Vision" nicely shows what all the fuss was about in the late 70's through mid-80's. A lot of the songs have survived the test of time with a real sense of fun and energy like "Call Me" with it's roaring chorus and electro sheen while "Heart Of Glass" is still a classic jam, disco has died and yet this song remains. "Rapture" is still a long, dreamy anthem that brought hip-hop to a wider audience before Aerosmith and Run DMC ever broke the barrier of rock and rap. Newer material is also present here, "Maria" was a single off the band's 1999 album "No Exit," but it still has that classic Blondie sound. However I do believe listeners are cheated here when it comes to the song "Good Boys" off their latest release, "The Curse Of Blondie." The original version is a great song, but the remix here makes the song kind of cold and hollow, the same for the "In The Flesh" remix which rips the song apart, turning it into cold, techno sludge. Luckily there is one worthy remix present, "Rapture Riders," which brilliantly meshes "Rapture" with The Doors' "Riders On The Storm." Both songs flow perfectly together and it's a fitting combination since Blondie have always named The Doors as a prime influence and favorite band. Too bad Jim Morrison died in 1972, you get the feeling he and Harry would have done a marvelous duet. The extra DVD that comes with the set is a must for Blondie fans, many of the band's videos are included for classics like "Heart Of Glass," "The Tide Is High" and even the recent videos for "Maria" and "Good Boys." "Sight In Sound" a fun ride through the Blondie catalogue and a must for collectors of classic rock anthologies, and a neat teaching tool for those who wanna know why girls like Gwen, Shirley and even Britney have been scandalous and glamorous and know how to pull it off and who they learned it from
0	you could fit a puppy in there woww oh yea um no talent. not fun to listen to, way to much unneccessary screaming. nothing goes well with anything. this is the only screamo band tht can give me a headache..sorry. the only ok song is TO the Readers. All the other ones are repetitive and just are not goo
1	THE best Jazz Album I have been listening to Jazz for 31 years now, and have not discovered a better album than this. You get Miles in his prime, Trane AND Cannonball, and a rhythm section that was just SICK. Every track swings. Every note is ON. Do yourself a favor: GET THIS CD RIGHT NOW!!
1	Any Night Fever On the soundtrack to the movie STAYING ALIVE,the not-too-popular sequel to SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER,there are five original Bee Gees' compositions and recordings(THE WOMAN IN YOU,I LOVE YOU TOO MUCH,BREAKOUT,LIFE GOES ON and SOMEONE BELONGING TO SOMEONE). We hear an edited version of STAYIN' ALIVE(only the movie title carries the G). The originally released 4 minute and 42 second version of the song is heard during the film's end credits when John Travolta struts through Times Square. The film was directed by Hollywood great Sylvester Stallone,and makes a very short cameo appearance in the opening credits. Sylvester's brother Frank,appeared in the film as Tony,a bandmate of Cynthia Rhodes who played one of Travolta's love interests. Frank performs FAR FROM OVER,MOODY GIRL and with Rhodes, NEVER GONNA GIVE YOU UP. Rhodes performs FINDING OUT THE HARD WAY solo. The almost unheard of Tommy Faragher performs LOOK OUT FOR NUMBER ONE and (WE DANCE)SO CLOSE TO THE FIRE. Released in 1983 as was another Bee Gees' production,Kenny Rogers' EYES THAT SEE IN THE DARK album
0	Only Time (remix) A beautiful song. But, the remix was a disappointment. I thought I was getting the original version. I should have read the fine print. This is the first time I ordered anything from Amazon, so I suppose I learned a lesson
0	Ahh Geese let's see about this album! Get it,Buy it and own it before they do.Also you won't mind if I said this,Right?Um.. I don't think you guys should buy this album because it's not really good.I think it would be very weird if you did anyway.I don't wanna buy this album because it's really comparing the songs from disneymania1,2&3.That's why I give it one star.
1	Marvellous I haven't bought an album for such a long time because who needs to spend the extra cash when there's online piracy? But I have to own this. Feinstein's voice is so pure and versatile; he is funny at a moment and the next, he can be so heartbreakingly bittersweet. His performance is first class, and one has to consider that he can sing so well at a live concert.
1	really good cd hes great to listen to, his songs are really good and are easy to sing along to especially manifesto # 1 is my fave
0	Patchy at best and nothing to be so proud except for Ray of Light, which is one of the best pop songs of 90s, the Power of Goodbye, Beautiful Stranger and Deeper and Deeper. Where are the remixes of Don't Cry for me Argentina, or You Must Love Me or the remake of American Pie? The half of the album is full of silly ballads and R&B-scented numbers like the rubbish It's Human Nature, the sleep-inducing (but mean to be a good ballad) Take A Bow which is the same with all Babyface songs, Bedtime Story which is the same as ever with anything Bjork has done in the past and so-so Secret. Frozen seems to be a nice standout but it doesn't feel sincere, and more or less sounds like Power of Goodbye... and the Music album was one of the worst albums Madonna crapped out so singles should not be different. All in all, Madonna is not a slow number singer; her voice terribly sounds weaker than her dance numbers and that's why this greatest hits album was not successful as Immaculate Collection because the singles were already bad. This album reflects the spiral-down of Madonna through 90s to 2000s (except Ray of Light where she struck gold) where she hit the bottom with American Life and has not recovered herself. Go buy Immaculate Collection, Ray of Light album, down load one or two other songs at your disposal and you will have the good things Madonna has produced among the heap of redundant mass called pop music.
0	Not worth listening unless you're collecting I purchased Hotel Costes backwards from 6,5,4 and then 2. I don't know why I skipped 3 and bought 2 first. But 3 and 1 isn't worth listening to, unless you want the whole collection of the Hotel Costes series
1	Great rythym section As a jazz guitar player, i personally love stan getz, and to hear him with ray brown, one of my favorite and greatest bass players ever. This was also the first i have listened to Herb Ellis play, his parts are a bit quiet but hey all guitarist were quiet until Charlie Christian. All in Four Really great musicians playing together, if you like this , check out russell malone, ray brown and monty alexander's Cd.
1	Very catchy album Hot Hot Heat's Make up the Breakdown is a follow-up of Knock Knock Knock. Personally, if you're a big Hot Hot Heat fan, this will be one of your most favorite albums. Each and every song is unique and has catchy beats that will make you want to dance. The first song Naked in the City Again is great. The second song, No, Not Now, is a popular tune that you can't help but start movin'. Get in or Get out has some of the most rad keyboarding parts. Bandages, one of the biggest hits on the album is sort of what boosted Hot Hot Heat's career and just this one song will make the album worth purchasing. Oh Goddamnit is such an amazing song, with very fun lyrics so you're bound to sing along. The next song Aveda keeps many of us wondering: Ex-Girlfriend or Hair Product? Either way you'll like you'll still enjoy this song. This Town, many believe was written about some crazy fans, you listen and decide for yourself. Talk to Me, Dance with Me was also a very big hit that got fans into Hot Hot Heat. This song makes me dance, sing, and every other thing you can do to your favorite song. On Save us S.O.S. you will love how deep the lead singer, Steve Bays' voice sounds, your heart will melt. Although very different from Hot Hot Heat's normal songs, In Cairo, is also a great song and adds a fabulous ending to Make up the Breakdown. This cd will be in your stereo for hours on end. The songs are addicting so this album is definately worth it's money.
0	Try Ultra Dance 2, it's much better. I bought this CD based on the fact that I liked Ultra Dance 2. I thought the third one would be another good CD to listen to for the summer. I was disappointed when I got my CDs and listened to them. The mixes on these songs are terrible, with the exception of two tracks. On the other hand, Ultra Dance 2, which is mixed by DJ Encore, is much better in comparison. Although the songs on Ultra Dance 2 are last year songs, it is worth more than this one. Trust me, you are not missing anything
0	Average I only liked one song on the CD - all others were just average
0	Not Worth the Time or Money Puddle of Mudd exploded into the contemporary pop/rock scene around 2000. This album is representative of their entire catalogue. For those music fans who want to hear true hard rock, pick up a good copy of any early Led Zeppelin or Black Sabbath. For anyone wanting true grunge, pick up any copy of an Alice in Chains, Soundgarden, or Nirvana album. Puddle of Mudd shamelessly (and inaccurately) self-promotes their band/sound as both hard-rock and grunge, while living up to neither. Since most of their fans seem to be pretty young, they've been able to pull this sham off, mainly because their audience has never been exposed to any of the aforementioned bands...and honestly has no desire to listen to any older music. The songs on this album are extremely redundant, with little variation of riffs or overall aesthetics from one track to the next. The lyrics are horribly compiled to offer nothing more than a vocal rhythm and subpar content. This album is a waste of both time and money for anyone interested in listening to any worthwhile rock
1	Don't be so harsh on Ann I understand that many of you who have bought this CD will be Broadway lovers (and I am one myself)and you will be used to the lead roles having amazing powerful voices. But just as important as good singing is good acting. I think that Ann interpreted Roxie as a wannabe who had the enthusiasm but lacked the talent, which makes her raspy tones and sing-speak completely plausible. It also supports the theme that you can use other things than talent to get yourself to the top This may not be the way you like Roxie played, but you shouldn't shun Ann's interpretation. It's a good thing if there is more than one way of having a character played, I think so anyway. Personally I love the Miramax film, but I enjoy comparing these 2 and seeing the differences
1	Bad Company is good company If you like this album, if you like the title track, it might inspire a few hard core fans to know that the original inspiration for both the name of the band, and especially the title track, is the masterpiece of a western, "Bad Company"- 1972. The whole piano instrumental is practically lifted from the film's soundtrack, by "Fantasticks" Harvey Schmidt. The song is a very haunting one which was a bit of an enigma for me until I saw the film itself. It stars Barry Brown and Jeff Bridges. It's worthwhile for not only western fans of every considerable imagination, but to fans of the band itself, to help make the song more meaningful, as it has for me!! I highly recommend them both
1	A must for any cross country or track runner I heard this CD when I was watching an indoor track meet. One of my dad's runners showed me the CD and I listened to it. My Mom bought it for me back in 1997 as one of the first CDs I ever had. It is probably the best classical music CD I have ever owned or to which I have listened. If you run cross country or track this CD is a must as it gets you going gradually, especially the song "Titles." A must CD for runners and anyone else who likes nice classical background music.
0	Cosmic Somewhere in the universe, statistically speaking, there has to be a band more stultifying than Rush. It's hard to imagine that God could be so cruel, but remember, she gave us Boston (the band, that is) too. This stuff is so painful, it almost makes rap sound good
1	Na Na Na Na Na Na I'm listening to NOW 19 right now!!!!!! I love the fact that NOW puts the latest cool songs onto one GREAT CD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! For Christmas I'm getting Now 20!!!!!!
0	Wild Ox Moan? I special ordered this album after reading a review in Jazziz praising the artist and his work. One week later I couldn't wait to unwrap it and stuff it into my CD player ...........AWFUL, pure and simple. As I continue to read flowery reviews I am bewildered. Weak and reedy voice, poor recording, background instrumentals muffled and distracting. The title Wild Ox Moan about says it all. Honestly, I cannot make it through a single song or through the album at a single sitting
0	the best pink floyd album ever!!! who needs dark side of the moon? wish you were here? the wall? animals?!?!? just stick with post 83 floy
0	Its Wack Seriously you dont need me to tell you wack this album is, if you've ever heard it you'll know yourself the depths that this album plummets to. I'll be honest, I heard Thug Lovin on the radio and thought it was O.K, all the other singles though, Mesmerize etc.. were s**t. A friend of mine offered to burn me a copy, free of charge, and i thought fine, what's the worst that could happen, I was mistaken, I would compare listening to this with torture. If your into sing along pop songs, with a little bad language for good measure, you may like this album. To put this in the hip-hop genre is misleading, Ja actually attempts to 'sing' half the songs on here, and when he's not singing he does his best Tupac impression. Thankfully at the time of writing this, his career appears to be over, if we can rid the hip-hop world of Nelly and 50 Cent as well, the world would be much better for it. Avoid any albums by this phoney. Message to the honorable, agreed most of the rappers listed are s**t, but Ja destroying Snoop, Eazy-E, Mack 10 and DMX, don't talk s**t, this diva couldn't touch any of them. After writing this I noticed someone was selling this album on Amazon for 1 cent, that should tell you all you need to know about it
0	Don't Kid yourself into this purchase I made fun of my best friend so badly when he bought it. Honestly, I gave it a chance. We opened it and listened to it for the first time together. But halfway through the worst remix ever crafted by man, it was clear, that I would be making fun of him for his poor purchasing decision, for months to come. This is the worst remix every created. It is long and drawn out and has no merit or quality to it. Don't fool yourself into buying something you will never listen to and will hide from your friends
0	Bad Halloween Effects I purchased this CD and I was ripped off. The sounds on the CD are pathetic. They are of poor quality, with one person standing in a sound booth. I could have made a better recording with my tape recorder and mic myself. I was looking for a CD to compile a string of sounds for my Haunted house. Now I have to find another means of getting these sounds. DON'T BUY THIS CD. You will not get your moneys worth
1	Excellent, ten-star children's music record! An outstanding set of kid's music with folk scene stalwarts such as Arlo Guthrie, Taj Mahal and Tim O'Brien joined by bluegrassers Tim O'Brien and Rhonda Vincent and blues pickers Keb Mo, Guy Davis and Eric Bibb, as well as Americana-country types such as Rosie Flores... An impressive lineup, sure, but better still is the calibre of songwriting, and the actual kid friendliness of it all. This is a really fun album! Fun, as in, little kids might actually like it, and might even sing along if you played it for them. Plenty of silly songs like "Bling-Blang," "Bananaphone" and "Bellybutton Song." Some songs are perky, like "Red, Red Robin"; others are instructive, like "Man Named All The Animals," and others still model assertiveness and communication skills, like Taj Mahal's excellent "Don't You Push Me Down," in which various kids stick up for themselves in unpleasant situations. I like this album a lot, and plan to play it for my kid for years to come
0	Rushed The album is rushed, being produced just in 8 days. It did not showcase Casey's talent and sales charts speak even louder. Poor Casey. She deserves a better album than this
1	Great Cd... and a GREAT DEAL! Leave it to cafe-ta to give its fans such a great deal on not only a wonderful cd, but also on an even greater dvd. This is a must have for all the cafe-ta fanatics... like myself. the dvd it great but i wish that it wasnt so edited. it seemed like they took a couple of concerts and edited them together... and sometimes not so discretely. towards the end of the dvd there are some scenes that cuts from them wearing one thing, to another and back again... all in the same song!... but other than that I LOVE IT... ive probably seen it about 50 times and ive had it for about 2 months! once again.. this is a must have for all CAFE-TA fanatics!!!
0	Now More Than Ever....THIS SUCKS!!!! I was super excited when I bought Joann Rosario's first CD "More, More, More." Every song on there was gorgeous and inspired worship. I was just as thrilled when I found out she had a new release, "Now More Than Ever...Worship." I heard one of her singles, "God" and figured I HAD to buy the cd when it came out. But boy was I disappointed when I popped it in my cd player!!! The only stand out tracks are: Track 3: Thanks Be Unto God Track 6: I Hear You Say Track 13: God The Bonus Track: Cuando Reposo En Ti All of the other tracks are barely mediocre. It was as if she rushed the making of her cd just to keep her name out in the spotlight. I am extremely upset that I wasted $20 on this piece of junk. I thought some worship music would be on here, since the title of the cd is "Worship," but don't be mislead by this fanciful cover and her pretty face. She should've waited until she had something solid to record instead of making this crappy attempt at music. Joann has indeed hit the dreaded sophomoric slump. I highly doubt that I'd buy anything else she sings. What was Fred Hammond thinking by showcasing her if he knew she was average talent? It's best to burn these songs from someone who already has the cd. The entire cd lacks the anointing. Even the bonus video clip on the installed media player, that features Joann and Donnie McClurkin sucks. All she does is add libs in Spanish, plays some maracas, some castanets and God knows what else and I'm supposed to bust a move to this?! NO WAY!!! Two thumbs WAY, WAY DOWN!!! A feeble effort by Joann. This will definitely leave a sour taste in your mouth, as it did mine.
0	Very disappointing It's sad to see a band with this much talent play a bunch of poppish songs that sound like rejects from singer/songwriters or the Dixie Chicks. You'd really never know this was an Irish band. I'll be trying to unload this CD ASAP
0	Very good sometimes, too electronic at others. I was, overall, disappointed by this CD. There are many good reviews here, but they generally overpraise. Tracks 4 through 8 have too much synthesizer for my ears. A major highlight is track 9, The Crab and the Egret, but interestingly, the flute is accompaniment to the wondrous Chinese percussion. Disappointingly, the CD is only 40 minutes long and left me wanting more tunes without synthesizer accompaniment
0	Grungy rechanneled sound Nice package....attractive and it has almost all of the tracks by this minor group that you would want, but they took the GNP Crescendo album master tapes...complete with tons of horrible-sounding rechanneled tracks and grungy, distorted stereo. The sound is no better than the old GNP CDs that have been around for years....which were 10th generation copies of the masters for the vinyl LPs. Finally, the track are in no particular order and there's no information about each track fits into The Seeds body of music. It's apparent that the guy who prepared this collection (Pat Gilbert) knows nothing about the era and is defintively not the guy to have done this reissue
1	A Beautiful Job The last great American operetta of the 1920s, this masterpiece by Sigmund Romberg and Oscar Hammerstein is given a loving performance by the cast of the 2004 New York City Center Encores production, including Christiane Noll, Rodney Gilfrey, Lauren Ward, Burke Moses, and Peter Benson. This is the only available recording of the complete score, including "Marianne," "The Girl On the Prow," "Softly, As In a Morning Sunrise," "Stouthearted Men," "One Kiss" and "Lover, Come Back to Me." What a treat!
1	Just the Real Thing Waterfalls are some of the most primitive things in nature. With this cd, you can't help but think you're right there next to the waterfall. Close your eyes or lie down, and let the natural sounds permeate your mind
0	E-40 - My Ghetto Report Card You got to be kidding me right? People actually giving this album 5 stars. Wow people are so blind it isn't even funny. This is all commercialized garbage. E-40 is all on this "hyphy" tip now, lmao how wack is that. Hyphy is straight wack, the lyrics have no concept what so ever. All pointless. Production, well yea all these commercialized albums got production, like this album. But then again where are the lyrics? This is one of those albums where you sit there and like it ONLY because of the beat/hook lol. People that listen to this type of music dont like real Hip-Hop, as I said theyre blind. People that arent big Hip-Hop fans, I dont criticize you for listening, but all you people that claim to be Hip-Hop fans, f*** outta here, you aint. This album is for commercial rap listeners only, if you like underground STAY away from this at all costs. Pick up some real HipHop instead. Peace.
0	watch some of the lyrics if your kids are young My daughter asked for this cd after seeing it advertised on nickelodeon. While most of it is fine, specifically the Veronica's song talks about spending the night with a guy and giving him the "ride of his life". Not really what I had in mind for my 9 yr old
0	No impact I'll probably never run out of music to discover. It seems that no matter how many stones I turn, no matter how exhaustive my search is, there will always be atleast a few gems I'd somehow overlooked. For me, XTC are one of those gems. I picked up Black Sea at the local record shop and it completely knocked me out. Maybe it was those huge drums, or the way everything felt like it was pulling apart at the seams. Regardless of what it was, I had to have more. Over the course of the next few weeks I proceeded to buy Drums and Wire followed by English settlement. Again, both were completely stellar albums, especially D & W. Then there was Skylarking. It was supposed to be THE XTC album, their masterpiece. People compared it to the likes of Pet sounds and proclaimed it one of the best albums of all time. I'm sad to say it didn't live up to the hype for me. In fact, I find it to be downright mediocre. For me this is where they dropped the ball and failed to pick it back up. I'll admit that I miss the more raw, punk like energy that was found in early XTC, but that's not why I dislike this album. I actually enjoy alot of mellow, lavishly produced music, but Skylarking just sounds...bland. None of the songs seem to stand out and the production is borderline soft rock. Every time I listen I hear less of what made me love XTC in the first place and more of why I can't stand Phil Colins. Even the songwriting itself is weak, lacking strong hooks and any sort of weight to help the music rise out of the syrupy muck that Todd Rundgren laid out. I just don't see what all the fuss is about.
0	no? so i really liked new nathan detroits...i kept listening, hoping for more. what i got was a listless drone of alternative sounding chords and alkaline trio style vocals. i suppose i didnt give the album much of a chance... but when i have to stop listening to it twice because it bores me so much, i dont feel like i need to. the album appeared to have potential...but nothing stuck out except for the first track. everything just ran together, and it was difficult to seperate any sort of melody in any of the songs. compared to all the other reviews, i am apparently missing something, but i didnt like it. i heard it directly after listening to appleseed casts' &quot;end of the ring wars&quot;, which was amazing. so i guess would recomend that over this anyday. i will give this album another chance, simply because everyone else seems to like it so much, but as for right now, it gets a big juicy thumbs down
1	Beautiful debut This is an excellent debut from Mindy. Her voice is beautiful and each song on here is good. &quot;Guys do it all the time&quot; is a fun slap in the face for all those &quot;macho&quot; types out there, the title song is my favourite though, but all are good, from the love songs to the fun songs. I hope she stays true to her roots though, and doesn't go the way of Leann Rimes and Faith Hill. One thing I have never understood though, is why nearly all country cds are limited to 10 tracks. This one for example is only 35 minutes long. Rock and pop cds quite often exceed 12 songs but country albums rarely even exceed 10. Anyway, thats just an observation, and doesn't take away from the worth of this album. Recommended
0	The End of Jennifer Lopez Wow. I didn't know music could get this bad. I just didn't. No words can describe how awful this CD is, but criticizing it is too easy. Let me list the reasons why you should not buy this travesty of an album (even the word "album" is used loosely - at best, this collection resembles a group of theme songs from various C-Grade Telenovela series): 1. THE VOICE : There is no voice. Granted, JLO was never known for her vocal ability, but having taken vocal lessons and practice from husband Marc Antony, one would think she would sound better, but NO. If anything, Jennifers' weak voice is showcased as being even more weak as she literally whines her way through over an hour of the most godawful caterwauling ever heard this side of the Nanjing Massacre. 2. THE MUSIC : There is no music. The first single "Que Hiciste" has some Spanish sounding instruments thrown in for that "authentic Mexican experience" (yeah, right), but from then on out, its one disgusting ballad after the other. There is no melody, and at one point, I was wishing that SOME poor B-side from her "On the 6" album would pop up to put me out of my misery. Let it be clear - the music on this is non-existent, and Im not just saying that for effect. 3. THE ACCENT: JLO is not a genuine native Spanish speaker, but she has definitely worked on her accent. However, its a bit sad when Beyonce's new Spanish version of "Irreplaceable" sounds more authentic than anything on this godforsaken CD. Jennifer sounds very forced and gimmicky here, enunciating her Rs and Ts with gusto and a very misplaced conviction. The efforts only lead to what one can call an overwhelming sense of underwhelmingness (the term has come into existence upon the release of this CD) Jennifer, what went wrong? You had the best producers (though, when you think of it, Marc Antony's only claim to fame in the US is his horrendous "You Sang to Me") and enough moolah to pull this off. Inexcusable. More than that, it proves that the global Spanish revolution that sort of began in the late 90s with the Ricky Martin craze, is definitely over. Jennifer is done with, and when I start respecting her lesser, more vapid counterparts such as Thalia, its a sad day indeed. True Spanish language albums have CLASS stamped upon them - the only shining example of this is 'Fijacion Oral Vol 1' by our girl Shakira. This album still gives me goosebumps two years past its' release. 'Coma Ama Una Mujer' is a failed effort for all concerned. And if you respect music and your money, you will definitely need to look elsewhere for fulfilment. Vaya con dios, JL
1	Not The Beatles Thats for Sure If you are looking to add to your beatles collection be forewarned. This is not your typical Beatles fare. It is however a good deal better than fair after you get past trying to peg it as a Beatles album. Its Lennon. He's pissed off. He has a lot to say and he says it all on this record. He sings these songs like he has wanted to sing them forever but was never allowed. He breaks these songs out like they are part of a therapy session and he doesnt turn back. This album on 1st listen is a bit of a disappointment to me. On 2nd listen you know what its all about and you dont listen for pop hits, you listen for the album as you heard it the first time. The only way most people will enjoy this album is after a few listens especially if your going into it with a preconceived notion. Also a lot of songs on this album have a rocky start and then pick up steam in the middle. This album is ultimately very good once you know what your getting into. Its Lennon breaking the chains from the Beatles and really from himself. After the 3rd listen, it immediately made sense to me. Now i cant put it down
1	The height of an amazing career Some artists are good enough that to label one work as their best says more than a lot. Nick Cave is by all means one of them. And 'Your Funeral...My Trial' is that golden release. Beginning with the slow title cut, it moves it's way through track after track, sometimes menacing, sometimes violent, sometimes beautiful, and always thought provoking and dark. Highlights? Honestly, all of them. Warning, this album is Nick's least accesable and that says a lot too. But after a few good listens, it works it's way into your brain and it's the best thing since ever- I promise
1	This is a really good CD I liked the other BRMC albums a lot as well, but I think those had that quality where they were initially catchy and you loved it and thought it was the greatest thing ever, but after a few listens it got kinda tired... Still good, but you'd think "oh yeah..." Howl is the opposite. It was OK the first time I listened to it, and I kinda liked it, but it didnt really dig it's claws into me. For that reason it didn't get pulled out of the CD wallet all that often. Then I put it in one day and thought "ya know, this is actually pretty good." Then I started listening to it some more and thought "man, this is really, really good!" Guess what? Now I love it... This is definitely a creeper CD, as in - it creeps up on you (yeah, that was a stoner analogy.) I think "weight of the world" is the best song on the CD, but "howl" had really grown on me too - but I don't want to harp on the songs too much, this is an album as a whole. Bands grow up and change, and I'm glad to see that BRMC has done it, and done it well. They haven't lost their muse or gotten "softer" just to try something different -- they've grown and changed and their music shows it. I remember my freshman year in college when Achtung Baby came out and there were people saying stuff like "boycott U2 cuz they're sellouts!" - not realizing that AB would be looked at as probably the most insightful, clever, and musically interesting album of their catalog. That's what the backlash to Howl reminds me of -- shortsighted and not entirely accurate. Yeah, people may fear change, and admittedly, some artists try it and look like complete idiots in the process (Chris Gaines, anyone...) but BRMC has actually grown, and if you liked their first 2 CD's I'd say give this one a shot. It's really good - and I'm proud of 'em for making it.
1	A Simple Review Buy this CD. The songs are excellent,as per usual. This CD is more rock, with the same enjoyable dispostion... to quote from track 6, Decatur St. "I'm one of them sad boys who's hypnotized by girl's who walk the walk..."or track 5 The Killer.... "I want you to burn me til I feel it..." ... need one say more
0	Why did you this to us, Rick? Why? Oh my god... how can be possible that such a talented composer had to fall in such deep nonsense, remaking a whole bunch of old tunes to end up like something much worse than even Muzak? This is the music you'll hear again and again at the supermarket, just sufficiently engineered to num the brain. Kiss of Life is the only light of hope (and that's why this CD gets 1 star - otherwise should be zero, or even negative!) but that's only because I love Sade
1	" Wow ! What a CD !!! This is perhaps, Najee's finest CD. It has real, qualitative jazz flavorings. This is what "smooth jazz" is all about. The entire CD is worth the price and then some. This CD is definetly worth five stars
1	Electronic soul music There are still those that claim that electronic music is soul-less. Its made by people on computers who aren't necessarily musicians and don't play any real instruments, therefore they say it lacks the human element that other genres incorporate to move their audience. Well for those of you still trapped in that mindset I invite you to check out "One". Not only does this record defy that thought but it should enhance your opinion of the capabilites and potential of progressive electronic music. I was not aware of Dierdre prior to this solo debut however her previous projects were I believe more world/ethno music in nature. "One" is truly a blend of electronic, techno, world & soul and even flirts with the lighter side of drum and bass. The vocals needless to say are nothing short of breathtaking. Highlights are the opener "Waiting For Spring", "Close To Us" & my personal favorite "A Way To Love". Also included and I believe the 1st emphasis track is an unrecognizable cover of The Moody Blues "Nights In White Satin". This record is truly fantastic in every regard and a great reminder of how good electronic music can be
0	Uses for The Gift disc on Blueprint 2 The Curse disc is perfect, I will say that but The Gift can be used for the following things, other than listening purposes... 1. Frisby 2. Mirror 3. Toilet paper 4. Shooting target 5. Tras
0	Sometimes experiments are failures I have always admired the experimental spirit in any artist. As a visual artist I am constantly trying new things in my work and every once in a while I stumble upon some new element or concept that withstands the "look at it a week from now and see how you feel" test. Other times I churn out pieces of junk which I spare the world from looking at. Animal Collective should have reconsidered releasing this often silly and pointless collection of sounds. It is an artistic experiment that failed. I hope this is only true about this particular disc (the only AC I have heard) as it would be a shame for someone to be consistently putting out pieces of artistic crap for any length of time and still be getting away with it.
1	Macerating metal noise fired by sheer punk genius I bought this album when I was 17. I'm now 31 and I still haven't recovered! This album, as said before, represents the indie punk ideal only feinted at by Nirvana, Sonic Youth etc. Steve Albini and co assault you here with a white-hot mind-melting onslaught of musical savagery, from the beserk guitar-driven Colombian Necktie through the nosebleed-inducing Pavement Saw to the juddering, sinister colossus of Tiny, King of the Jews. Sheer uncompromising overbuilt punk, this represents Big Black at their zenith. With bands like this in the world there's no excuse for mediocrity
1	Manuel makes this a masterpiece Without the soulful voice of Richard Manuel, this album would be drowning in MOR. But he lifts the music into an indescribably emotional area - Right as Rain, Georgia on my mind particularly. He performed almost the same miracle on Northern Lights, Southern Cross. Maybe Islands contains markedly inferior songs and some lacklustre performances, but it is nowhere near as bad as it has been painted. Listen to Richard...
1	Off the Chain This CD is a must have if you are a Hot Boys (Old school Cash Money) fan
0	THE WORST OF 4 OF THEIR CD'S I bought 4 of their cd's from amazon after hearing the song "bad days" in a batman movie. This cd is the worst of the 4 i bought. Not one good song. Totally lame. I'm not even going to stick someone else with it. I'm just going to throw it out
1	Better than most German goth I'm pretty new to these guys, figured I'd take some time to dig into German goth since goth is pretty well dead here in the US, by which I mean all the pioneers from the 70's or 80's are either gone, changed tracks, or sold out to that crappy early 90's House Tekno sound. These guys have a little of that crappy House sound that you would expect from about 99% of the so called German Goth bands now a days (and sadly now Skinny Puppy as well), but it also offers a lot of new an original beats which I can really sink my teeth into, also some of it does kind of tug at the ol' psych a bit, which is a good thing, but it is no where near as amazing as Skinny Puppy was in its glory days... ...everything pre-process, though the process was still "pretty good" for the most part
0	A top three disappointment this year. Kasey's foray into the pop genre doesn't really bother me, and she certainly isn't selling-out either.This release however just doesn't have the same quality of songwriting that her three previous country/roots discs had. Not much more to say exept that this, along with Allison Moorer, & Randy Rogers Band are my 3 biggest let-downs of this year
1	Excellent Intriguing historical account of MacNamara- what he was thinking, what he did not say during two administrations involved in the Viet Name war. Use of film footage and Philip Glass' eerie and ominous soundtrack further developed the power of this film
1	surprisingly good for a hit single I got this album because it was recommended to me by Amazon.com's computerized recommendations system. Being adventurous, I bought it on a whim. I was very pleasantly surprised! Unlike many other popular trance anthems with female vocals, this one is not at all cheesy or monotonous. All of the tracks feature high-quality production and skillful mixing: no amateurish boom-tss filler anywhere on this single. Mavie Marcos has a gorgeously supple voice (reminds me of Kirsty Hawkshaw) and nice pronunciation (I know that it's not politically correct to say this, but it bugs me when the vocalist sounds like a chavette who has gone through accent-reduction training). I highly recommend this CD to anyone who has good taste! Even IDM snobs will appreciate the intricate layering of sound in these tracks
1	not fair! how can anyone write so many great songs? c'mon people, plunk down the forty-five stinking bucks and experience the unearthly genius of robert pollard. if you are already a fan, there is no excuse to NOT have this. as one might expect, this is not the starters place to look. bee thousand, alien lanes or the safer(more NORMAL sounding) isolation drills would be the best choices. nice packaging, good booklet. excellent liner notes. pick your favorite 20 or 25 songs and make the ultimate GbV disc. what a joy the suitcase is.
0	YUCK, YUCK, YUCK I am only in my 20's but I did grow up listening to the original album of A Chorus Line (my mom used to play it while we were cleaning) and I gotta say that this remake is awful. The original cast had great passion in their voices and the new cast is very blah. I don't recomend this at all. If you really love and appreciate the music find a copy of the orginal and I know that you will enjoy it much better
1	Magnificent Just can't praise this CD too highly. I usually stick with classical music (Mozart, Stamitz etc) but this CD,has opened up a whole new dimension. I just play it over and over. Never get tired of it.
0	The Phantom of the Opera (Original 1986 London Cast) The music in this CD is beautiful, the lyrics are lovely as well. The fact that I don't like Michael Crawfords' voice might have something to do with this...Gerard Butler was the first Phantom I heard.... so I hold my standards to him. Michael Crawfords' voice is nice, I'll admit, but give me Gerry any day. Perhaps Michael DID have a voice suited for the role, and perhaps Gerard Butler didn't, but I'm partial to emotional songs to wooden-flat ones, and baritone voices to tenor voices. Sarah has a lovely voice, but in my opinion, it is a bit too mature for the part of a 16 year old girl. But don't let this stop you-buy this CD...you may love it, you may hate it. Just compare Michael's voice to Gerard's voice...the difference is rather laughable
1	Very good CD, I recommend it to any serious Pop music collector! This CD has a "catch": the surprisingly beautiful voice of Leigh Nash. I am usually reluctant to hits covers, but in this case I would suggest to give a special try to SNTR performance of The La's "There She Goes", Crowded House's superhit "Don't Dream It's Over", and even Abba's "Dancing Queen". Special mention to that wonderful tune titled "Kiss Me". Leigh Nash's voice reinvents these songs and provides a new dimension to the meaning of "Cover version". Believe me... this CD is a serious improvement for your music collection!
0	Very disappointing It feels as though she has lost her energy, she has become a distant memory of what she used to be with Mecano. Still a sweet voice, the songs chosen for this CD are mediocre. Her first solo CD was good, this was is not. The music just doesn't click, the art in the sleeve doesn't click either, maybe she needs new composers, a different producer. The Pink Floyd track is regrettable, she should not sing in English, she can sing in Spanish and French but I would suggest her to refrain from doing it in English. Maybe the Cano brothers should compose her new material, maybe Mecano should make a comeback...
0	Waist of time... When I first heard the song inside it got stuck in my head for a long time, and everytime i heard it after that it would get stuck in my head even longer... so i decided to go buy the album.. which was one big mistake.. the vocals are horrid and theres not one good song to get into.. It doesnt even deserve 1 star but i give them one for some how making it to tv..So dont waist your time or money on this band, go for bands like From Zero, Pillar, or Thousand Foot Krutch
1	think I need a sunrise Check out Augustana, without doubt last year's most promising new band, completely despite the fact that its own record label -- that'd be Epic, which has been in a tailspin since Polly Anthony left -- seems to have no clue whatever that they exist. Their debut album, the extraordinary All the Stars and Boulevards, was tossed thoughtlessly into the marketplace a year ago and, minus even a modicum of press or publicity, got promptly crushed in the avalanche of fourth-quarter releases; its soaring title track -- one of `05's most potent -- was so thoroughly shunned by radio that it had to be a conspiracy. So how's this for a dark horse story? Practically as an afterthought as spring closed, Epic chose as Boulevards' second single the wistful, resplendent "Boston" and then sat on their dead, numb rumps while the song -- helped along by a simple but exquisite video that opens with a close-up of the band's twenty-one-year-old (!) lead singer Dan Layus (think 3 Doors Down's Brad Arnold with a more agile voice, and much much cuter) and fades to black with a shoreline of overturned pianos destroyed by the incoming tide -- built steadily, week on week, against all conventional wisdom which states that summer, with its easy melodies and breezy sentiments, is the wrong season in which to try to launch a complex, chorus-less single whose heroine is drowning in depression and desperation, and whose back half, in lieu of a repetitive refrain, rockets to a soul-cleansing, cobwebs-clearing climax so fiercely orgasmic you need a cigarette to regain your bearings. Now there's some genuine heat swirling around the song -- enough so that Epic re-released Boulevards last week with extra tracks, an increasingly common industry practice that continues to just rankle me, if for no other reason than I'm enough of a lunatic to plunk down money twice for the same motherflippin' record, and that's what they count on, but if it helps Augustana become the raging success they richly deserve to be, all will be forgiven.
1	AWESOME, Not sure why 4 stars when I put 5 I found this Band while looking up information on Trixter and found PJ Farley in the band. Listened to RA on their website and bought this CD the same day. I have not found a band lately that took me away like RA. I have not heard the first album but it is next on my list, since I got Duality today and have not stopped listening to it!!! RA ROCKS!!!
0	Stolen Music Several songs on this album are note for note copied from Titus. Has Tyler Bates no shame? The original composer (Titus' Elliot Goldenthal) created an awesome score, buy it instead
0	shut up Frank Zappa had a title that is apt for this Norman Brown cd; SHUT UP & play your GUITAR ! Pop arrangements, lots of vocals, and drum machine. No Jazz here. He is an awesome guitar player, and I really like his earlier cd's. Do yourself a favor and skip this cd
0	Updated Review Now, I realize after taking a closer listen to this album that this album is not a gospel rap album. On ''Know thy self'', Krs claims that there are many ways to god which is downright not true. Krs claims that any ''God'' that's worshipped will lead you to heaven. Think about that, Allah, Buddah, Jesus, Aphrodite all have nothing to do with each other! Only Jesus deserves to be worshipped! Jesus is the son of god, He did die, And he's the only one that rose again so we could all have a chance to enter heaven regardless of our sin [Which every man and woman has]. As for the cd, I won't lie, It sounds really good and even features a few gospel rappers [T-Bone, B.B. Jay], and Krs even makes significant quotes of actual bible verses, But when it comes down to it, Krs still fails to acknowledge that Jesus is the way, the truth, and the life. This cd gets 2 stars from me for the fact that at least Krs is done dissing Jesus [Something he did on every album after ''Criminal Minded'' and every album before ''The Sneak Attack''] and at least he still ain't afraid to expose the problems of this world, But Krs, If you're reading this, I think you're an extremely talented rapper and you truly need to accept Jesus into your heart. Hope the review helped. Be blessed.
0	You have gotta be joking It is laughable to read some of these other reviews. But whats not funny is how bad 50 Cent is. He is the worst rapper of all time a total disgrace to hip hop music. He has no love for the music only for the money. I don't know how he sells so many records but that just shows how many people don't know real music
0	A few high points but mostly dull Aphrodite must have been preoccupied when he mixed this one. For the most part the tracks drag on with no end in sight or build toward some invisible (and unmelodic) climax. There are a few with powerful beats and creative touches such as tracks 14 featuring Jungle Brothers and 13 featuring N.W.A. But for the most part the rappers take center stage and Aphrodite doesn't add much. If you really want to sample his talent buy his self titled CD
0	Wrong CD Listed Online I bought this CD thinking it was the 2 CD set I saw in the commercial, and I was wrong. It is a single CD with only half of what the TV version has
1	Very Good CD I like every song. Unlike many other bands, this CD is just as good as their previous CD
0	Something ain't right Definitely not as good as "Down in Albion". THAT record is magic. This ep is...I dunno...nothing special. It's missing something. Mick Jones? Junk? Not sure. I had high expectations from Pete, and this was a bit of a let down
0	An Embarrasment to Reggae I bought this disk on the strength of the reviews here at Amazon. What a major disappointment this disk is. Embarrasingly amateur, with keyboard loop drums and keyboard basses, it is difficult to believe that these are well-known professional reggae singers as well. Another case of &quot;dumbing-down&quot; music for children, something definitely not required to fully engage kids with music (the outstanding Putamayo series for example is presented no frills, no dumbing-down). Good &quot;children's music&quot; inspires both parents and kids, and kids react positively to that in their parents. A shame to pay $... for this disk
0	Elevator Music to Hell!!!!!!!!! Terrible. This album is terrible. All tracks the same. Terrible take off on the song, the dance. Wow, it's so bad, don't know where to begin. Awful. Simply disgusting, this musician should play different music with his talent. Awful. Terrible. Disgusting. No musician in the world would recomend this album for anything. Disgusting. Little tinkerbell chimes in background of songs. So ridiculously bad it's not even funny. If you buy this. You just wasted some Money. needlessly. I bought it. Terrible mistake. Disgusting. might have made me laugh from stupidity if it was a little better. Terrible. Awful. Disgraceful. WOW WHAT A STUPID C
0	hello!!! what happened here??? Ok lets get right to the point veary chingon movie, lots of action good gangster s*** but this!!! I mean wheres the firme musica??? You would think with such a great movie the soundtrack to the movie would be so bueno but it just doesent grab my attention at all. I mean some of the songs are good like the one bye Funkadoobiest and Girls It Aint Easy bye the 4 Corners and the one bye Boss Catch Hit and Run but on these songs they are a different version of the songs not the ones like the way they were in the movie and they left some good songs out for instence, the one So Ruff so Tuff by Zapp and Roger great song!!! but not on there. Well I have them already it's just the point that they left some stuff out. Well... just understand me, in what i'm saying and get somthing else like the Bound By Honor soundtrack. Now thats a good one!!! as for the 1 in rating well you figure it out
1	delivering that murda muzik this is their forth album,it came out in 1999 when i was 12,my boy aaron kept playin this album and i got annoyed and i asked him if i could borrow it and he let me hold it and then i can see why he kept playing it,the beats are addicting,this is when mobb deep started to go a lil commercial not too much but they still kept it real,its not ass dark as hell on earth or the infamous but it shouldn't stop you from listenin to this album,this is a good album but its not the same as thir ealry material,also for mobb deep or qb fans y'all should check out the murda muzik movie,it was supposed to come out back in 1999 but kept gettin pushed back,so it finally came out in 2004.recommmended for fans of mobb deep,qb hip hop,ny hip hop,late 90's hip hop.standout tracks are streets raised me (reminds me of junior high school days when i used to live in ny),what's your poison (featuring cormega,he murdered this track spittin that fire),adrenaline (nice dark organ sample),quiet storm (brings me mad memories),thug muzik(produced by alchemist featuring the infamous mobb),the realest (produced by alchemist featuring kool g rap,one of the illest collabos),usa aight then, it's mine (i used to play this song a lot),and quiet storm (remix featuring lil kim).also mobb deep y'all should bring it back to murda muzik beats wise or hell on earth on your next album
1	A Brilliant Debut Album, From A Brilliant Singer/Songwriter! Don't let a few bad reviews fool you! This is easily one of the best albums out there! There's not a bad song in the bunch! And Courtney Jaye is easily one of best and most original singer/songwriters around also! And she's worked with some of the best in the business to create this musical masterpiece! This is nothing like the average pop music you hear, It has more of a hawaiian sound on some songs, I noticed that the first time i heard it! She calls it rootsy/exotic/alt/pop on her myspace page! That's one of the things i like most about the album! Plus the songs are all so fun, catchy, and dreamy, and she has such a great singing voice, i just can't get enough of it! And there's something for everyone to like! I really love all of the songs so much! But if i had to pick any favorites probably" Time For Goodbye" "This Is The Day" "Love me" and "Hanalei Road" to name a few! So please buy this album and listen to the whole thing, with an open mind, and listen more than once! If you're anything like me and really like great music that's different than the usual dull boring music you're used to hearing, I know you'll love it as much as i do! Courtney Jaye is one very talented artist that has real staying power! She's already finished her next album so that's proof of that! And from what i've heard of it, it's great also! I know she certainly has a life long fan in me!
1	A Must The Crusaders Sound Great on this Disc.The Music&amp;Arrangements work very well all the way thru.The Grooves&amp;Smoothness make this Recording very Complete.this Group has been Bad for so long
1	Mushroomhead is by far my favorite band of all-time I first saw this album in the store and I had never heard of this band before and I thought they looked awesome on the front cover so I took a chance and bought the CD. When I got it home and listened to it for the first time I immediately fell in love with the songs Solitaire Unraveling, These Filthy Hands, Never Let It Go, The Wrist, The New Cult King, and Too Much Nothing. I love how they make 8 band members work so uniquely and the two vocalists just put a whole other aspect to their music and separates them from many other bands. I saw the Solitaire Unraveling video on Headbangers Ball and I think it is so awesome and shows just how much emotion there is in their music. I would recommend this album to anybody who wants to listen to and a unique and talented band
1	A Classic Death Cab Album Death Cab For Cutie's follow up to their 1999 debut Something About Airplanes continues to build on their ethereal, atmospheric, unique, indie pop-rock sound. We Have The Facts is a more experimental, dynamic, rock album that still retains the previous album's sentimentality. This is the album that transformed them into experimental indie rockers, but didn't launch them into the mainstream. This is a pure work of art, technically the band uses the chords in a very abstract and sparse way, the percussion is slow, and contemplating. Some songs break out of that pattern and demonstrate a more full bodied, but not yet developed sound. Most of the album relies on the musical production. Ben Gibbard's voice is as haunting and beautiful as it ever was. He is given the perfect backdrop which complement his voice well. These songs work so well because of their minimalism. This album has a great sophistication to it, there is nothing else like it. The structures of the songs aren't traditional, so they seem refreshingly new and never get tiresome. Each song is sequenced so that it works well against the last song, and the songwriting captures the emotional depth of the music perfectly. Lyrically, the songs focus on loss and relationships. Company Calls Epilogue is about a wedding gone sour, while 405 is about relationship. The wavy guitar melodies are catchy and loosen up the sometimes slow pace of the songs. This is an album that gradually builds on you after a couple listens. It's not over the top, and requires multiple listens to capture the depth of the music. As a whole, the album works incredibly well, it's cohesive and consistent. These songs have been crafted carefully and are painfully addictive once you begin to appreciate their sophistication. This is indie rock at it's finest. The production takes this album up to new great heights. This album is similar to The Forbidden Love EP, which is also good. In my opinion, We Have The Facts, and The Photo Album demonstrate Death Cab's early raw style, where everything was understated simply and beautifully, before the overproduced Transatlanticism and Plans. This is a great album to listen to if you want to relax, or just think. As they continue to develop as artists, it's amazing to watch their sound change, for better or for worse. Recommended.
1	Just good fun music This is a great album. It is perfect for doing chores at home, driving in the car or plugging away in the cubicle. I took a chance on this ablum because I enjoyed "pins" and "maps" from fever to tell and I am glad I did. "Golden Lion", "Way Out" and "Cheated Hearts" are my favorites.
1	amazing results i had a very colicky baby from 2 weeks old to 10 weeks old and this was the best cd of all the ones i tried (classical, lullabye, ocean sounds, television, etc) to calm my baby and most importantly, to keep him sleeping longer. the last track was his favorite, the sound of the rain. he sleeps so much longer now that i play that track on "repeat" all night long. and i can get things done during his naps because the rain sound covers up the noise of me in the kitchen, etc. And, when he is really cranky and there's nothing else i can do for him, i can put him down in his bed and play the whole cd from start to finish and it calms him and puts him to sleep 75% of the time, which is a huge improvement from other attempts.
1	wow!!! I've already listened to samples of her new CD.Its even better than her first one!!! More rock in it! anyways this is an amazing debut album.I love it the way to begin and anticonformity are the best songs on the CD
0	I'm sad to say....but I am dissapointed I know that this review will be followed by several saying that I am stupid and am not aware of how awesome Shadows Fall is, but I still think it is worthwhile to let other people know my opinion. I was excited for this album, Shadows Fall shows so much potential at times but this release is such a disappointment. While it isn't terrible, it just is not good. It suffers the pitfall of many metal releases, all the songs follow identical formats and never keep your interest. If you don't believe me, scan through this CD and let me know if almost all (with the exception of one or two) aren't : a kind of cool guitar intro that might lead to something cool, then drums come in with the same predictable snare on every beat,and then mediocre vocals singing some of the most lackluster vocal in recent memory. Don't buy this album looking for some sort of blistering heavy metal experience. Don't buy this album if you want something you may replay again. If you want to buy a mediocre heavy metal album then I guess you should buy this album, but I say take a stand. Don't just buy whatever Shadows Fall puts out in front of you. The War Within was a good CD. The follow up bonus track CD was just a desperate attempt to make more money with nothing new and this CD is just a group that didn't really try and put out some music. I'm sorry to all the die hard Shadows Fall fans, and you may enjoy this album which is great for you, but I really felt like Shadows Fall underachieved and didn't really put enough into this release. I know they could have done better
1	Absolute Perfection What can you say - this is a PERFECT song. There is not a flawed moment in it. I, too heard this on the Before Sunset trailer and was mesmerized by its beauty. Makes ME swoon. Love it
0	They are Missiong Songs from The Movie ! I would say get this for the Song tommorow by Saif keta but the One song if you Watch the Flim very Closly was when Ali and his brother paid Jamie Fox a visit in the Hotel and Ali riding on the Train , That Track was By Johnny Farmer a Old school Blues song Called Death Letter , with Great vocals this song is not on Soundtrack "why? It is the best song in the whole damn Movie I wonder where I can get it like it was song in the Movie ? if you know let me know
1	Solid "2nd" solo release for JD For his "2nd" solo album (even though this as well as "Life in 1472" have guests on most to all of the songs), JD did a good job. I'm not a huge fan of his but this album is solid. Guests are mostly to thank for that, as well as some great production (that he always seems to pull off). Of the 13 songs on here (it does have a lot of skits/interludes) 1 is a classic, 1 or 2 are near classics, 4 are ok, 1 I skip, and the rest are good. For those who have heard JD before, you know what to expect, songs about women and flashing and flautin his money, nothing new. Production is also good, JD takes part in 11 of the songs (he produces 1 and co-produces 10) and Swizz Beats & Neptunes each do a song. I'd recommend this album for his fans or fans of that kind of rap. #2 - 10 (CLASSIC -- great beat -- f/ Ludacris -- also onone of his albums) #3 - 8 (f/ UGK & Manuel Seal) #5 - 7 (f/ Boo, Gotti, Usher, R.O.C.) #7 - 9.5 (f/ Jadakiss & a good hook from Freeway -- nice beat) #8 - 8.5 (f/ Nate Dogg) #9 - 7 (f/ Bilal) #11 - 9.5 (great beat -- f/ Manish Man) #13 - 8.5 (f/ Nate Dogg, R.O.C., Trey Lorenz, Katrina -- nice beat) #14 - 8 (f/ Clipse -- also on their "Lord Willin" Album) #15 - 9 (f/ Jagged Edge -- great beat and story) #16 - 7.5 (f/ Kurupt, Field Mob, Eddie Cain, Backbone) #18 - 5.5 (f/ Da Brat & Kandi) #20 - 7 (F/ Xscape) Jermaine Dupri -- b. 9/23/73 -- Atlanta, GA check all my review
1	For those smart enough NOT to buy American Graffiti OST This compilation has nearly all the tracks from American Graffiti's soundtrack, and so much more. This is exactly what I've been looking to fit my eclectic taste. All the hits are here, this side of Great Balls of Fire and Willie and the Hand Jive. Those two would have made this compilation perfect, but perfection is hard to come by when dealing with era compilations. I wasn't around back when these songs were blasting on the radio, but I grew up listening to this music - thanks, mom! If you want to experience the sound of this era, this three-set cd collection is perfect. I've been looking for Maybellene, Be-Bop-A-Lula, Peggy Sue, Sea Cruise and Blue Suede Shoes and they're all here on the same set! Try ebay before you buy here. I found this set relatively cheap over there. There were about five sellers when I bought mine, all vying for the lowest price. This is great road music for those of you in my generation brave enough to try something new and break away from the Death Cab for Cutie/Outkast conformity we hear all the time on mainstream radio. For those of you who grew up on this stuff, please let me reintroduce you to your old friends. This cd has almost all of them.
1	Two great collaborators two Geniuses Waller and Armstrong were of the same generation and were collaborators in music in the 1920s. Louis's first big leap to popular stardom beyond the tight group of Jazz musicians and performers came when he introduced "Ain't Mis Behavin'" on the Broadway stage. The audiences often forced him to do three or four encores. Folks who had seen the show before would pay full price just to get in to hear Louis sing this one song. The recordings in the late 20s by Louis with all the vocals are simply my idea of the best music ever recorded by anyone. Rather than get them selected this way, you might want to get one of the CDs or collections that covers that period of time with everything, rather than just the songs by Waller. Likewise, while the All Stars were not as good as his original Chicago and New York Groups, particularly these later all-stars (I prefer the albums with the great Jack Teagarden), if you get into the music you will want that all too. At any rate, there is no one else but Louis who can do these songs justice except the Fat man himself, Mr. Waller
0	southern gospel? nightclub? what is she doing? There is a hint that Jessica has a good voice, but apparently she is not sure where she belongs. Some of the songs have a southern Gospel feel, and I must confess, that personally, I do not like that wailing type of music. But, if you do, you will like SOME of the tracks. However, on other tracks, she uses this breathy quality, that I suppose, is trying to imitate a sexy nightclub singer. These two styles do not work well together. Except for die-hard Jessica fans, this is not a particularly good album. It is ho-hum pop and even less attractive as Christmas music. At times I am reminded of Marilyn Monroe singing "Happy Birthday, Mr. President." The problem is that Marilyn was NOT known as a singer. Jessica needs to rethink her presentation. Only buy this album if you think Jessica is the greatest thing since Edison invented the light bulb.
0	Imagine a world without this band's boredom..... Believe it or not, I had actually expected to hate this because it just doesn't suit me for the good kind of music. It sounds just the way I thought it would sound: crappy. It isn't hard enough to be all that good if you ask me. It is just too calm. {And now you probably think I'm a hypocrite because I like Enya}. At least Enya doesn't sound like someone who sounds like they are in a garage band attempting to record bad music. Not my style.
1	Joe Cocker And Leon Russell Create A Hot Roadshow Joe Cocker teams up with Tulsa native Leon Russell and a cast of over forty for a concert tour, and what a party! The live set contains a mix of Russell compositions and blues/R&amp;B/pop/rock standards, all performed with the feral intensity of a man possessed. It's clear that the magic couldn't last in this form, and it didn't, although Cocker did go on to make many fine records, and even some great ones, after his jaunt with Russell
1	Soulful, Funky and Soothing Eric Clapton speaks to the heart and soul and makes you smile and bop every time you listen. He takes you out of your current space and into other places, leaving you enriched by the journey
1	not my favorite When I started listening to Pompougnac I fell in love with the music. Some of my friends told me to start with number 5, I bough 3,4,5,6,and 7 the same day... thank god because number 5 was the one I liked the least... don't get me wrong it is a BEAUTIFUL CD and the songs are great but not the best of them... 6 and 3 are the best for me so I recomend to start with number 6 then 7 and then any of them....I have the whole Hotel Costes collection and it is just amazing. Stephane is a GENIUS...
1	The best of all I have heard several Bohemes in my time - my favorites being the versions with Pav and Freni; Tebaldi and Bergonzi; and this one. Neither of the first two can match this recording in overall effect. Karajan with Pav/Freni, while firmly in possession of his own wonder, misses by a hair Beecham's sensuous conducting logic. Also Pav is not the best Rodolfo: he sings too opulently to convey a blue, starving poet. The Tebaldi/Bergonzi set is a sure contender, and might have stood right with this one if its sound weren't so bad. Now as for this set itself - three words say it: Bjoerling with Beecham. These were two of the finest artists of the last century, and it is a blessing to have this record of their collaboration. Jussi, while perhaps not as romantic as Bergonzi, was a Rodolfo for all time. That ringing golden tenor truly could build castles in air. And hell, he was romantic enough for comfort. Add Beecham, and, if you please, you've got glory. His pacing is perfect. Just listen to about midway through "che gelida manina," where Bjoerling soars and Beecham expands the tempo to let Jussi's voice raise the rafters and burn deep. And I tell you what, Jussi could burn. The quantity of air that man had was astonishing at the least, and he didn't waste it: his phrases are easy, well-drawn, and thrilling. I have no important complaints about anyone else in the cast. I actually prefer de Los Angeles's Mimi, though I think she sometimes doesn't support high notes with enough air. As for the orchestra, there are a few mishaps where accurate entrances with the singers are concerned, but that is hardly surprising - the ensemble was assembled in roughly two days and its memebers had barely played with one another or with Beecham. The sound of the set isn't as good as one might expect from the Great Recordings series, but it is acceptable, and a well-informed ear can fill in any lacking overtones. Buy it. You'll love it for many years, and then pass down through your family
1	My kids love it, and yours will, too I have been "making" my kids listen to the music of TMBG for years, but I no longer have to "make" them listen. My 6 and 7-year-olds actually "want" to listen to songs like "No!," "Clap Your Hands," and "Four of Two." Although this is not TMBG's best CD (some say it is "Flood"), this is my kid's favorite TMBG's CD
1	More Please! Ideal for anyone who likes listening to the music of Micheal Bolton or who wishes to lay a trap for a Michael Bolton fan
1	Fun and nostalgic! I definitely would recommend adding this CD to your ecclectic collection. It summarizes cowboy music and the cowboy mentality which I feel I have a little bit of. Extremely good for the confirmation of being single- it's okay to be alone
1	No computer problems here... I haven't had any problems loading or playing this disc on my computer (PC w/ Windows XP Pro). It ripped into iTunes just fine and then transferred to my iPod, where it also plays flawlessly. I have a ton of problems with DRM software on the Warner Brothers CDs (like the new Flaming Lips album, grrr, which Amazon does NOT warn you about), but this disc works just fine for me. Perhaps Norton, Ad-Aware, or Hijack This! are preventing programs from being installed on my computer without permission? As far as the disc goes: This is the first BRMC disc I've picked up and after five listens, I really like it. It's a laid-back, mostly acoustic disc which in some places reminds me of the Jayhawks or the Eskimos, and in other places reminds me of the O Brother! Where Art Thou? soundtrack. There's even one track (Restless Sinner) that sounds a bit like the Grateful Dead. There were a lot of songs with religous overtones (pretty much the entire back half of the album, actually), which was surprising at first but not jarring enough to distract the listener too much. On the whole, this is a nice, peaceful album, relaxxing without being depressing
1	The Pick of the Bunch Bowie's second instalment in the Berlin trilogy is a criminally underrated masterpiece, brimming with invention and vigour. 'Low' was most certainly an amazing achievement and an absolute treat to listen to, but unlike most, I feel that "Heroes" tops it in every regard. The first side (like 'Low', containing the more conventional songs) has more urgency than the tracks on 'Low'. There is more energy and more depth to the song writing. Where 'Low' was fragments/ideas with magnificent textural framing, Heroes' first side shows really intricate song writing being beautifully combined with dense and innovative arrangements that take the clunky synth and electronic sounds of 'Low' and fuse them into a more sophisticated whole. The lyrics are also much more intriguing. 'Low' was lyrically and vocally quite sparse, but on "Heroes", Bowie delivers some of his most compelling lyrics. Just couple of the fantastic snippets that pop up include: 'Your lips cut a smile on your face' 'There's slaughter in the air Protest on the wind Someone else inside me Someone could get skinned' 'Sons of the silent age... Don't walk, they just glide in and out of life They never die, they just go to sleep one day' And of course we all know the gorgeous lyrics that the title track possesses. Not to mention Bowie's ultimate vocal performance on this track. In fact, the vocals on the "Heroes" album soar like on no other release of his. The songs climax and Bowie belts out some amazingly expressive and emotive performances. Overall, the first half of the record takes the best parts of `Low's' first half and 'Station to Station' and turns it into the most successful and engaging group of tracks that he has ever released. The second half of the album sees Bowie reprising the ambient themes explored on 'Low' but once again this album outdoes its predecessor. The instrumental tracks on "Heroes" are even more evocative than those on 'Low'. Bowie and Eno once again strip away the clunky synth and electronic sounds and create more focused and more atmospheric pieces second time around. Bowie feels like more of a presence on this album overall. Less detached, and not hiding away from himself as much. This is further displayed by the re-introduction of his sax playing on a number of tracks. He adds personality and flair to 'Sons of the Silent Age', provides one of many gorgeous melodic layers on 'V-2 Schneider' (which trumps both 'The Speed of Life' and 'A New Career In A New Town'), and his free-jazz styled, heavily treated playing on 'Neukoln' is oddly appealing. Bowie also plays the Japanese Koto on 'Moss Garden' giving a beautifully subtle and sensitive performance on what is a perfect ambient piece. If you own 'Low', love it, and are wondering which album to get next... well I can't recommend "Heroes" highly enough. If you own 'Station to Station' and love it... ditto. If you have some of Bowie's other albums from some of his other periods and are curious about which of the more experimental albums to start with, this is the one. It's one of those albums that is experimental without compromising quality song writing. It takes the ideas first generated on 'Low' and expands and improves upon them, while introducing a highly unique and infinitely appealing aesthetic all of its own. It is also more timeless than 'Low'. It's sounds are still fresh and haven't dated a bit in the 30 years since its release. It is not only the best of the Bowie and Eno collaborations (The Berlin Trilogy), it is also, in my opinion, the greatest achievement by this most amazing artist.
