0	2005's Most Dishonest Book I can't speak with authority about other deseg cases, but I AM knowledgeable about the St. Louis case, having spent four years on the St. Louis Board of Education (1989 - 1993.). Simply put, deseg has destroyed the St. Louis Public Schools (SLPSs), which were arguably, the best large public school system in the nation prior to deseg, when they were segregated and run by white Lutherans. Today, after 26 years of deseg, the SLPSs are probably no more than one year from losing their state accreditation and being taken over by the state of Missouri. Let's consider some facts rather than the disinformation of dilettantes and poseurs such as Kozol: COSTS Deseg has cost the State of Missouri about $8 Billion between the Kansas City and St. Louis cases. The bill in K.C. totaled about $3.5 Billion when it finally ended, while the St. Louis case has almost certainly passed the $4 Billion mark. (These statistics are scrupulously hidden by the leftist news media.) What have we realized from this expenditure? First of all, state money diverted to these two deseg cases was stolen from every school district in Missouri not participating in a deseg case. Small, rural school districts routinely spend between $4,000 and $5,500 per pupil each year. In St. Louis, the per-pupil expenditure has been as high as $11,711: Yet, those rural, so-called "out-state" districts do a far better job of educating and graduating students, despite having half the resources. (I'm sure in Kozol's mind they are merely "goyim," and deserve no better...) Ironically, while less affluent "out-state" districts were robbed of state funding by deseg, the wealthier school districts in St. Louis County experienced a massive WINDFALL from deseg: Since they are reimbursed by the state the AVERAGE per-pupil cost for each city transfer, (rather than their "marginal" cost,) wealthy districts such as Clayton, Ladue and Parkway benefited from a massive infusion of new revenues, although these school districts have traditionally out-spent almost every other Missouri district by a factor of three or more. (For example, Clayton currently spends about $15,000 per pupil per year.) ACHIEVEMENT In the SLPSs, half the students test at the 20th percentile or lower on nationally standardized tests. This stat would be even worse, except that (I am told) the "LD" (or "learning disabled") kids do not take the standardized tests. There are legions of LD kids... In a rare moment of wisdom and sobriety, a federal judge sitting on our deseg case ordered a test of its efficacy in the early 1990s. That study, called the "Lissitz Study" revealed that city students (i.e., black students) bused to predominately white county school districts improved less academically than did every other category of student in the SLPS. That is, they improved less than students in all-black, the "naturally"-integrated, and "magnet" schools. When the Educational Testing Service still "normed" the SATs between 400 and 1600, the average SLPS student had a combined SAT of 760. Worse yet, these were the best and most motivated students, with further educational aspirations, who "self-selected" themselves to take the SATs and were therefore, a highly "skewed" sample relative to the average SLPS student. Deseg is almost universally motivated by the laughable paradigm that, if we throw enough money at our inner-city schools, black kids will achieve at a level commensurate with white kids. Now that even William Coleman has repudiated his own research on this subject, ("The Coleman Report," cited in "Brown v. Board,") Kozol and deseg's other defenders could spend their time far more productively by studying the lessons of "The Bell Curve" in order to understand academic disparities between the races. VESTED INTERESTS It has been remarked that the defenders of deseg will never relent until the last white kid has been driven from the system. This is because the NAACP Legal Defense Fund is a "co-plaintiff" in most (if not ALL) U.S. deseg cases, and is periodically distributed "legal expenses" by the federal courts. These are a very important source of revenue to the NAACP, which has experienced declining membership and numerous financial scandals over the last several decades. Similarly, deseg has meant a great deal more than the mindless expenditure of billions to bus students around. One of the most injurious elements of the St. Louis deseg plan has been a massive affirmative-action program for administrators and teachers. The SLPSs now employ more functionally illiterate individuals than the N.B.A., and have become nothing less than an employment agency for lazy and incompetent blacks with political connections. Essentially, the same black women who, 30 or 40 years ago were employed in middle-class households as "domestic" help, are now SLPS teachers and administrators. ("I is a teacher.") How anyone who never really absorbed a high school education could be presumed able to teach mystifies all but Kozol and deseg's other defenders. If teachers and administrators in the SLPSs were required to take the S.A.T.s, more than half would test significantly below average: We know this because they have already demonstrated the fact! Approximately half of all SLPS teachers and about 60% of its administrators attended Harris-Stowe State Teacher's College, which has the second lowest academic standards of any institution of "higher learning" in Missouri. Last time I called their admissions office, I was told that Harris-Stowe accepted applicants with a combined SAT of 780. It should come as no surprise that recent measures of SLPS student SATs do not differ significantly from those of many of their teachers. HYPOCRISY A truly fascinating phenomenon I have observed is that there seem to be few defenders of deseg among those whose kids actually participated in such a program. It doesn't take a parent long to understand that deseg isn't so wonderful when your kid gets rolled for his lunch money every day, or your daughter gets beaten up because she won't date outside her race. Now Kozol may not have kids, but I'll just bet that if he does, they did not participate in any voluntary deseg programs, if any were available where he resides. (The Jews are mustard for this sort of thing, as long as they are merely allowed to posture and it doesn't actually cost them anything...) I once had the rare opportunity to sit next to Dr. Susan Uchitelle, the Jewish woman who headed the St. Louis Deseg's "Voluntary Inter-district Coordinating Council" throughout the 1980s and 1990s. (She was paid $60,000 per year, but from what I could discern, her sole responsibility seemed to be running interference with the news media, so the rubes out there wouldn't get the wrong idea about the joys and benefits of deseg whenever there was a stabbing, gun-shot incident, murder, or race riot.) I considered it an "opportunity" because I was able to ask her a question that no one had ever had the impertinence to ask of her before: "Have any of your children participated in the voluntary transfer program?" (That is, were her kids, who would have been "poster children" for the county-to-city deseg program, allowed to transfer from their all-white county schools in order to be voluntarily bused to inner-city schools?) What do you think was the answer, oh gentle reader? Your response to this question may have far-reaching implications for your understanding of the world around you and some varieties of its inhabitants, such as Jonathan Kozol... (I'll give you a hint: Susan Uchitelle's attitude toward deseg is very much like Leona Helmsley's attitude toward taxes...)
0	The Globalization of Guilt 1. The persective of most writers is shaped by their own experience. Dr.Steele is an American Black, a baby boomer, a member of the academic elite, a liberal arts major, and a political "conservative".This certainly affects his perpective when he discusses social issues. 2. I felt that he was on pretty solid ground and made some good points when he was telling about his own experiences growing up in a segregated America and during the civil rights movement. His take on the psychological hangover after the 1964 passage of Civil Rights legislation regarding the attempts by the white power structure to regain "moral authority" by doing GOOD....and the black power advocates ready acceptance of those attempts... helps explain some of the dysfunctional after- effects that are still with us. 3. Where I disagree with his analysis - speaking from my own experience and perspective of course - is that he takes the race issue which he says has been pretty well settled in the US and then blows it all out of proportion by saying that white guilt is the underlying cause of nearly every difficult social issue in the last 50 years! And he blames the "dissociating liberals" (whoever they are) for attempting to deal with these social issues. Excuse me, but I recall Nixon and the Reaganites being in power for awhile and the Bush dynasty is still with us and I haven't seen a lot of effort being done to get-together and fix things for average folks here in the good ole US of A. Of course pressing the GUILT button in this mainly Judeo-Christian culture is a sure fire way to get everyones attention. 4. My point is that by injecting blatant partisanship into the discourse he took a premise that people of all persuasions might coalesce around and instead divides us even further.His statement about Red and Blue States was a hoot! How is this helpful? Where are his suggestions for improvement - other than that he thinks Bush & Co. now have the "moral authority" that has been so lacking in America? Some might be inclined to disagree. 5. Finally, as a black Dr. Steele misreads me as a white liberal in that I have never felt guilty about my white heritage - only ashamed for the historically extremely dysfunctional behavior of many of our fellow humans - themselves victims of misbegotten religious dogma.If we stop trying to improve our world just because we make mistakes in the process.........and if we fail to learn the lessons of the past,we will be condemned to repeat them or be blown into outer space.Not a happy prospect for this social progressive and fiscal conservative.
1	In your head. It got inside my head... and has not left after a year
1	Morrigan's Cross This book will strike you as weird in the first few chapters and then it will start to make sense and really grab your attention. Nora mixes sorcery, vampires, witches, battles, and romance into present day occurrences and diversity. Marty Wurtz Author of Deceptions and Betrayal
1	Another wonderful resource The Amazing Power of Deliberate Intent is another wonderful resource on the Law of Attraction. While it doesn't contain as many "new" insights as I had hoped, the material is (as always) thought provoking and energizing. An easy read with outstanding examples of how to apply the principles of attraction in your life
0	Not one of Quindlen's best This book was easy enough to read, it just wasn't what I expected from Quindlen. I usually find her writing style and her way of thinking about things so captivating, in this book I really did not find either of those traits to stand out. The back-and-forth from current day to the past was somewhat confusing, and sometimes I was in the middle of a paragraph before I realized this paragraph was a jump to the past, whereas the previous paragraph was present time. Although I got used to that writing style, I always found it annoying. The storyline itself never sold me either: a typical, young "sew-your-wild-oats" boy finds a baby and decides to keep it and is the "perfect" father. I just did not find such an occurrence likely. And, as a mother myself, all the times he either left the newborn alone or took it with him while he labored on the land just made me squirm. Anyway the whole story seemed far-fetched and disjointed to me, and a disappointment especially since I have been a Quindlen fan for many, many years
0	St. Giles beond compare? Please. I have to agree with Anna Hope's review. This book was so painfully lame that I gave up on it two-thirds of the way through and stopped wasting my time...something I very rarely do. But this book, while starting excitingly, soon dwindled into boredom and I realized that I could definitely put it down. I didn't care about the two main characters nor what happened with the storyline. As far as St. Giles being beyond compare, try Kresley Cole. Now THAT's writing; her books I hate to put down
1	Mad, Mad times over Mad Libs This collection of mad libs were hilarious. It had everybody in the room in stitches. Plus, it was a great review of what verbs, adjectives, adverbs, etc. are
1	sweetness! I am loving this book, but let's get one thing straight. This is not a cupcake book, as the cover would lead you to believe. In fact, I only saw one reference to a cupcake from a regular layer cake recipe, even though it is written by one of the owners of New York's famed Magnolia Bakery, which has gained notoriety for its cupcakes. At any rate, the recipes contained in this book are pure magic. So far I have made the white layer cake with chocolate chips and peanut butter icing (as suggested), and it was quite a hit with friends and family. Other recipes I'm going to try in the next few days are the sour cream coffee cake and the buttercup golden layer cake. This book is all about making things from scratch like they did in the olden days, but you could also mix and match homemade cakes with store-bought icing or vice-versa. Read the introductory section with tips and pay attention to the details (e.g., use cake flour instead of all-purpose or self-rising, use butter/sour cream at room temp., etc.), which will make all the difference. The section with icing recipes is short but covers a variety of flavors. It's definitely not an Atkins-friendly cookbook or any of that, so you know it's good for your sweet tooth! I would definitely recommend this book to any baker, novice or expert, and am looking forward to buying 'The Magnolia Bakery Cookbook' (co-authored by Appel) next
0	Sexy Years for Who? Some of this book is good and normally I love Suzanne Summers but.... A few comments like " no wonder men leave us for younger woman". Like what is that about? Woman need to feel better for themselves not some guy. Does she not know men also have hormonal problems and aging? When I ran into a few comments like that in the book it turned me off. Woman need to feel good about themselves and look good for themselves first. I just felt the book was a push for the S Principle Book and to be hot for your guy. Usually her stuff is good but I wasn't crazy about this one. Sorry nothing new in this book. Maybe helpful to someone else. Jud
0	Wal-Mart is a big lovely bundle of sunshine I guess I'd better confess right away: I didn't finish this book. I only made it a third of the way before I was too disgusted to finish it. I'm sure there are many useful things I could learn if I could choke it all down, but it was very difficult. I don't think it helped that I just finished The Case Against Wal-Mart by Al Norman. I think it's great that Wal-Mart was able to bring goods to smaller towns that really didn't have access to a department store or discount retailer, but I can't get over the desruction of American businesses, American jobs and the terrible wages and benefits for American workers (not to mention all the foreign workers who produce Wal-Mart goods) that have become standard operating procedure. Lower costs at any cost is not a responsible way to run a business, and while I agree that Soderquist did a great job at making himself rich and the company successful, I think the damage is costly
1	Lonely Planet Mexico Excellent book full of useful advice about travelling in Mexico. Really helped me to get an insight into the country and where i would like to visit while i'm there.
0	Kids don't want to spend the time coloring I purchased this book for my 2nd grade classroom. With a few exceptions, the kids didn't want to take the time necessary to color in all the designs. They didn't mind doing the math, it was only the coloring that they rushed through. I was disappointed because it seemed like a way to work some fun into the math lesson, but alas, it didn't work out that way
1	Stacey's mess This book is a really good book but it isn't the best. Stacey's dad tells her to pick a place to go on vacation to. She picks Davis Park because that's where her boyfriend is working at. She brings Claudia along.But then Stacey spends all her time with Robert and Claudia's mad. Then Kristy, Shannon, and Mary Anne arrive for the Fourth of July and Claudia gets them on her side. Now no one's talking to STacey.Can they ever be friends again? Read this book to find out
1	This is a great book! This books makes the cutest models and manipulative things! If you make lapbooks, or notebooks for your units this would be the thing to get. There are things here I have seen nowhere else. It is adaptable up or down to the grade level it shows. Perfect for homeschooling. I have used some of it in a group as well
1	A Practical, Result Oriented Approach When my wife left me, instead of telling me there was another guy, she was grasping at straws when she blurted out, "You never listen to me." She didn't have the guts to tell me there was someone else, so I thought this was something I could fix. Lost Art was one of many books I bought in an effort to "fix" myself and save my marriage. Of the books I purchased about listening, this book was the only one worth what I paid for it. There are some really terrible books out there on this subject. Part two of my story..... My father was a man of few words......especially over the phone. When I read Lost Art, I finally understood the "dynamic" between him and I. Phone conversations which used to last a minute or two were now lasting thirty minutes. One conversation we had was about an hour long and at the end of it, he told me that he loved me (which is a big deal in my family). A month later, my father went into intensive care. Three months after that he passed away. I'm so happy that we had those conversations because I don't feel like we left anything unsaid between us. As for my marriage, it's over. However, my soon to be ex and I get along very well. I won't say that we are good friends because that would be a lie. But I do beleive we are getting along a lot better than we would have if I had never read this book. I don't believe she left me because of my lack of listening skills, but I do believe that we are getting along so well because of these new skills.
1	The Best Fireplace Book This is the best fireplace book I have seen. First of all the book has hundreds of beautiful and varied fireplace pictures. The pictures are great because they show the fireplaces in the home, decorated, and with the home furnishings around them. They are all warm and inviting although very different. The text of the book flows well also. First it helps even a novice decorator find the styles that work with your personality and home. Then it breaks down fireplace ideas by the different living areas in the house
0	Knocked-up Ebony Mamas Wittgenstein said that the purpose of a popularization is to make people think they understand something they don't understand. What seems to be a common current of science popularizations is that they "explain" things in such a simplified way that the reader who actually wants to get down to brass tacks is completely mystified. Einstein's book on relativity is a case in point, as is this book in which the candid reader is informed that "Objects at rest tend to remain at rest, therefore heavier objects will fall faster in a gravitational field." Got that? If so, maybe you can explain it to me. Listen, I know something about Physics. Back in the seventies I built a particle accelerator out of a blow drier and a box of Mike and Ikes.
1	Truly amazing While at the MoMA I happened across the Chuck Close exhibit. I had heard of him, but had never seen his work. As I walked through the exhibit I thought to myself, &quot;big deal, a bunch of 9 foot tall photographs.&quot; But when I notice the medium was acrylic I was astonded! This book captures the unbelievable talent of this amazing artist. It shows his the vast array of materials he used from paint, to pieces of paper. i would highly recommend buying this book! It is one of my favorites
0	Dumb This is one of the stupidest books I have ever read. The main character, "Fred" the mermaid, is a mass of neuroses. She's bitchy, snide and her responses to the most simple of events is weirdly inappropriate. In the very first scene, this 30 year old ph.D stumbles across her parents having sex and completely freaks out, so much so that she violently (but oh, so amusingly...) attacks them both. Time for little Fred to grow up, I think. The mystery is too easily solved and the men in her life, both instantly, and for no apparent reason, falling in love with her, are simple stereotypes of the gorgeous but smitten male. The first in a series, It seems likely that she'll soon be having a lot of sex with both of them; and simple, brainless pornography is about the best I can hope for from this ridiculous book
0	DO NOT READ THIS THIS IF YOU ARE UNFAMILAR WITH THE SUBJECT This book is written assuming that you already know what went on, and fails to explain the details. I know that Carlyle was trying to re-invent the way we write history, but the book is practically unreadible
0	Only connect? Our entire book club disliked this book. We had a hard time feeling a connection to the characters. Howard, the largest presence in this story, feels like a blank at the core. Upon putting this book down, his motivations and what might be in his heart were still a mystery to me. Characters such as Jerome, Victoria, and Carl were intriguingly introduced, but then inconsistently treated for the rest of the text. Especially Carl - he just disappears - no resolution to his story at all. As am homage to Howard's End, some of the parallels were not strongly enough underscored to flesh out this book for me. For example, the heart-to-heart connection between Kiki Belsey and Carlene Kipps does not jump off the page at you the way the connection between Margaret Schlegel and Mrs. Wilcox did. I thought Zora was one of the most interesting characters, and I like how Smith contrasted her obviously high intelligence and intellectual arrogance with her social awkwardness and sexual insecurity. But Smith makes her smug a bit too often, and so feeling a connection with Zora is difficult as well - most of the time I just wanted to smack her. And I have to agree with the others that Smith needs to brush up on her American characterizations. There was next to no authenticity in that regard. Especially the Southern dialogue - laughable! It also feels like Smith had a hard time figuring out how to end this book...I understand that end is supposed to be a beginning of sorts...but the fact that there were so many plot threads left dangling, unresolved, by the last page just gave me a feeling of incomplete-ness. Aaaargh...must go and re-read Howard's End to dispell the queasy feeling left by On Beauty
1	Steven Travers writes with a unique insight With the multitude of books written regarding the sport of baseball, Steven Travers writes with a unique insight into not only the sport, but the day to day lives of Bonds and his peers. As a former professional baseball player, Travers touches on the subject matter with a unique insight and perspective. Additionally, Travers attended and graduated from USC during the time Bonds played at Arizona State (Pac-10). As such, Travers is not only a writer, but a fan. Travers not only documents Bond's achievement of becoming baseball's all-time single season homerun champion, but he touches on Bond's trials and tribulations with his peers and the media. Ultimately, the reader soon realizes that Travers was able to do what many has tried and failed at; that is, he was able to garner the respect and support of Bonds in the ability to tell his amazing story to the whole world. As a former Pac-10 pitcher at USC who battled Bonds on many occasions, I found Traver's insight very refreshing and commendable. I found the book a very easy read that kept me entertained throughout. '
1	A different outlook on life! A confession of an Economic Hit Man was excellent book on the United States government raises to global dominate via corporation American and private organization. The push for global dominate has been forced upon Americans through education, and media outlets.
1	Excellent, easy recipes This book provides a nice mix of tofu and non-tofu dishes that are easy to make with very few ingredients. The other plus of the book is that easy doesn't mean just combining two canned foods to make a meal, but rather emphasizes fresh (usually healthy) ingredients.
1	Beautiful Translation of a Great Book! The only translation that you can proudly give as a gift. It is just beautiful! You can also use this version of The Art of War to see all the inaccuracies in other translations. It shows each character of the Chinese characters with their English meanings. It includes a glossary at the back that explains the Chinese ideograms in more detail
1	Not quite what I was expecting A Journey to the Center of the Earth did not turn out to be quite what I was expecting; I can't say quite why, however, because I'm not entirely certain what those expectations were. I hadn't read the novel previously, but I thought I knew what it was about. As a result, I think I was expecting more drama than Verne delivers, or perhaps I simply wanted the book to be more than it is. Most likely I was conflating Verne's novel with other texts: movie adaptations of the novel itself, for instance, in which considerably more in the way of actual antagonism--as opposed to the perils of nature itself--occurs; or hollow world stories, in which entire societies thrive on the inside of the earth's crust beneath the rays of a sun that lies at the planet's center. A Journey to the Center of the Earth is neither of these things, of course, and if I underwent any disillusionment, it was purely of my own making. Understood on its own terms, the novel is, at the very least, interesting, but, truthfully, not much happens. The narrator's speculations (as well as his fevered dreams during times of travail) suggest a much wilder adventure than actually takes place. Much of the action involves the trio of explorers stumbling around in caverns and tunnels, and much of the impediment takes the form of hunger, dehydration, or equipment loss. In fact, as best I can judge, they really don't approach anywhere near the center of the earth, although they do travel quite a distance laterally before resurfacing. The real joy is the interactions between the characters, primarily the trio of protagonists: the young narrator, his scientist uncle, and their silent, idiosyncratic guide. The expedition leader is an archetypal nutty professor, whose words and actions seem nonsensical to those not privy to his thought processes; his nephew, the narrator, alternates between sheer wonder at his surroundings, and sheer terror at the likelihood of spending the rest of his short life surrounded by them; Hans, the guide, says almost nothing but performs his duties in an exemplary manner, and insists on being paid weekly rather than all at once, even while under the earth (a square deal, in his eyes). Their interactions with each other, and with the variety of Icelandic folk they encounter on their way to the volcano which is their means of ingress, are wittily and cleverly depicted. These character moments are the high point of the novel; one wonders how much of their clever interplay originates with Verne and how much is an invention of the translator (who, in this edition, remains sadly anonymous). Whether the novel's tone in its English version is added or simply preserved in translation, full marks to whomever this perceptive soul is. Though one reflexively considers Jules Verne a "science fiction" writer of a primitive sort, this is really more of an adventure tale and, taken as such, it is generally successful. The adventurers don't explore a strange new world so much as become more intimately acquainted with the world they already know, but if the reader doesn't go in expecting flights of pure fancy, the novel is rather satisfying. Postscript: I should point out that this review refers to the Signet Classic mass market paperback edition of the novel, which features an afterword by Michael Dirda. Knowing Amazon, it's possible that this review will surface under several different versions, and without clarity, we have nothing.
0	Not one of his best I enjoy the Hillerman Navajo mysteries because the characters are well developed. Not so in this book. I found the first half really boring and hard to get through. The characters were not people you could care about, an important issue for me
1	A valid and persuasive discussion Professor Eagleton takes no prisoners in this thorough albeit short critique on the theories of postmodernism. Focus is placed on postmodernism's general theories in relation to philosophy and political theory as opposed to postmodernism's contribution in the arts and architecture. This, in fact, could well be the subject of an entirely new book, however, aesthetics, in this case, is not Eagleton's main concern. It probably should be stressed that a general knowledge of philosophy, postmodern theory and political science would be advantageous before cracking this text, however, someone with only a slight awareness of these subjects could push through the book (dictionary in hand) without too much difficulty. By definition, post modernism is hard to define, as it claims no foundational tenets: it is more a method or perspective against established ideas in philosophy. As Eagleton writes, "It is animated by the critical spirit, and rarely brings to bear upon its own propositions." (P.26) From a socio-political standpoint, postmodern theories are part of a culture of "unmaking". It can be characterized as a rejection of all "metanarratives" or "grandnarratives"; a protest of modernisms inclusion into the established order of the `canon', a snubbing of intellectual elites, a blurring between high and low art, where Bart Simpson sits comfortably with Shakespeare. I would characterize it as a cynical "anti" position on just about any idea that claims validity or application in society. The key principles of all postmodern theories include: "...decreation, disintergration, deconstruction, decentrement, displacement, difference, discontinuity, disappearance, demoralization and delegitimation." (Post Modern Theory, Best, Kellner, 1991) In one respect, Eagleton applauds postmodernism's huge body of work over a short time, and its stubborn demystification of natural institutions and conventions, though, criticises its blatant lack of self-criticism and ability to offer any alternatives after its deconstruction of all other theories. There is a certain feeling of excitement and freedom after reading such postmodern luminaries as Derrida, Lyotard or Kristiva, but after wading through their dense and at times "cult-like" prose, one is left with the feeling of utter nihilism, realising that these theories are empty rhetoric, that over three thousand years of human progress was all a lie, a "grand-narrative" to keep us chained. For the most part Eagleton criticises postmodern theory against the theories of Marxism and socialism, and does a remarkable job revealing postmodernism's na?ve, almost adolescent view of the present world situation. He concludes that postmodern end-of-history thinking gives us no future other than the present. That there are many possible futures, including fascism: how would postmodern theory shape to such a future? In my opinion, not too well. This book is a valid discussion and a persuasive argument on the many pitfalls of postmodern theory.
1	One of the great contemporary American novels This book is perhaps my favorite American novel of all time. Kesey's brand of storytelling is highly engaging and makes this book readable in one sitting. However, he is most admirable for his characters. The protaganist of "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" is Randle Patrick McMurphy, a brash and determined young delinquent with a devil-may-care attitude. McMurphy feigns a mental disorder in order to be moved from prison to a mental ward. Upon entering the mental institution, McMurphy stirs up all kinds of trouble by befriending and influencing a bevy of mental patients, all with their own interesting eccentricities. All of this is done to the dismay of the dictatorial "Big Nurse" who becomes McMurphy's nemesis. Interestingly, the story is told through the character Chief Broom who for years has pretended that he is a deaf mute, an aspect that affords him greater perceptability. I highly recommend this book--it will humor, sadden, move, and excite anyone who reads it. I have also concluded that--in my limited experience with literature--Randle Patrick McMurphy is the greatest character ever conceived by an American novelist
1	&quot;I have flown, Father. My son, I believe you.&quot; BALTASAR AND BLIMUNDA is a wonderful, richly detailed account of life in early 18th century Portugal. It is a time when Portugal fought the ruthless French, maintained an important colony in Brazil, and was constantly under the threat of the Holy Inquisition. The King of Portugal, Dom Joao V, desperately wants an heir to the throne. One night he promises a Franciscan friar that if he can foretell a succession to the throne then he would build a convent in Mafra. After the Queen gives birth Dom Joao V fulfills his promise by building a convent that is destined to be the greatest in Portugal. Meanwhile, after losing his hand on the battlefield Baltasar travels to Lisbon where he eventually meets Blimunda while watching public executions of condemned individuals. An eccentric Padre Bartolomeu Lourenco recruits Baltasar and Blimunda to work in secret creating Passarola, a flying machine that resembles a giant bird. Centuries before the modern airplane is created, the act of flying is often beyond the comprehension of individuals and could be seen as a holy sign. The sections of this book detailing the plight of Passarola are most entertaining and fun. This creates a good balance with the harsh details of the building of the convent. Saramago succeeds in writing entire passages revealing how much work and sweat were involved in such acts as dragging a giant slab of marble a considerable distance. One might think these passages are dull and tedious, but I believe Saramago highlights these arduous aspects of life that are often ignored by other authors who create works of historical fiction. Throughout the years Saramago has solidified his reputation for being a wonderful storyteller who create novels that are both shocking and revealing of the human condition, and BASTASAR AND BLIMUNDA is no exception. Highly recommended
1	book The book came in a short amont of time and was in the condition specified in the sell
1	NO STUFFED PUPPY HERE Protagonist Donna Trenton sure is in hot water, or should hot weather be more appropriate. As if being trapped in a dead Pinto with a sick child in the middle of summer while a mean dog surveys the vehicle isn't enough... But when the mumbo jumbo beast happens to be inflicted with rage on top of that, you can safely say that, besides being toasted in many ways, this lady definitely should have stayed in bed that faithful morning. But, alas, like in any Stephen King novel, one has to pay the price, and since woman adultery is the case here, poor Donna has a lot to chew on, to say the least. Writing in a alcoholic stupor (as stated himself) clearly doesn't stop King from delivering an effective read. Indeed, CUJO is gutso with lots of blood, excitement and canine hair. Its first half may be in neutral mode with its character development and action setting, but when the gear is shifted, watch out. Driven to despair has never been more fun in the hand of this Maine man. Cloned perhaps in its "Jaws" bite, CUJO is nonetheless pure King when it comes to compelling plot. Just like its Saint-Bernard creature, the author clearly knows how to deliver the goods with drooling edge of your seat moments and in-your face action prose. Yes, the novel aims for the bubble gum crowd but what a flavorful load of fun this one is--enough to hail it worthy of a sleep-depraved moment award, for sure. Enjoy.-----Martin Boucher
1	Great book for it's honesty and and intellectual acumen Having read this book in 1992 and recently purchased it for my collection, this a great read with various chapters based on history, politcal,and social mores of African- Americans (in the black corner)and our archenemies White Americans (in the white corner). got to hype up the race war angle some of you white conservatives who are doing it in your reviews about this book. If you have a politcal agenda you will either like or hate Hacker's book based on your politcal afilliation, If you are a Liberal, you may like the senstive and fair airing he gives towards the history of why we became two nations.If you are a conservative or Neo- Nazi type like the white racist from georgia that African- Americans have no morals,or you will hate that he's giving Black folks a pass on their moral problems. Well as a Black Nationalist who believes that intergration is bad social policy but a majority Black commonwealth on American soil may be benefical, I think that historical factors presented in Hacker's book would prevent both sides from ever seeing each other in any rational sense as Americans because 1. Whites see each other as intellectually, morally superior to African - Americans (even the lowest white trash person) and will never consider them equal in the eyes of U.S. law or in their hearts 2. African - Americans (especailly males) will never forgive or forget what the majority White population did to their families, culture, livelihoods and community structures especailly after Slavery. Hacker has crafted an excellent book through great research and in many ways he is on point throughout the book, when he states the the majority white population will make Hispanics and Asians "honoray whites" demonizing Black Males for politcal and social advantage against charges of racism by blacks. And many of your reviewers are right about some blacks hating whites, I think 387 years of continual defacto racism would create some blacks who would hurt their fellow blacks (in a self- destructive way) whites and other citizens (some blacks hate whites like the Arabs hate Jews).I consider that like the scene in the movie "Independence Day", when "President" Bill Pullman asked the Alien, Pullman - can there be peace between our worlds Alien - NOOOOOOOOO NO PEACE !!!! Pullman - What do you want from us? Alien I want you to DIE !!!!! Let the hate mail begin !!!! at least I was "candid" in our so- called dicussion on race
0	What was I thinking..?? UGH!!! First time I looked through this book, was curiosity of my local library. Checked out, and was blown away with how cool this book is. That was 9 months ago. Being a big U2 fan-and since the price had dropped considerably-decided to buy the book. After a few minutes of 'reading' it, realized how crappy the pictures in the book are. Seemes like 90-99% of the pictures are washed out, grainy, and horribly reproduced here. Was there any quality control as this book went to press? And for those 'new, never before seen pictures' they are pretty ho hum. Because its not totally horrid, I'd give it 2.5 stars. Just, well, disappointing. If I had to pay the full MSRP, I'd give it ZERO stars. While I must say, for $14 or so, you do get some good training on how heavy your next laptop will be...
1	Scholarly, Thorough, Thought Provoking Hamlet's Mill: An Essay Investigating the Origins of Human Knowledge And It's Transmission Through Myth GIORGIO de SANTILLANA & HERTHA von DECHEND Hamlet's Mill is an amazing piece of macrocosmic literature that should be recognized as a true classic. While some scholars and researchers may attempt to discredit this work as attempting to pull together unrelated mythology from distant times and cultures, this couldn't be farther from the truth. Nearly all religions are based upon two primary foundations, the first being astrotheology, the second being the use of entheogens; as above, so below. While the stars in the sky may show differently at different locations, and the plants in a specific vicinity may be different, this does not negate the overall concept of the foundations being the same. Santillana & Dechend have done a fantastic job at providing evidence that the knowledge of the Precession of the Equinoxes is far older than can be escaped, downplayed, or ignored. The cultural myths, though slightly varying by time and distance have the same foundations, the same origins because they're based on the same concept...the stars and heavens...know the heavens or die... essential knowledge for planting, harvesting and storing food as well as for preparing for seasonal changes. This is a most important book of many for understanding the ancient mysteries. Other books that will help the reader understand these concepts include John Allegro, Acharya S., Robert Hewitt Brown, Gordon Wasson, John Major Jenkins, Peter Lamborn Wilson, Jonathon Ott, Terence McKenna, G. Schiaparelli, Albert Hofmann, Richard Schultes, Christian Ratsch, Joseph Campbell, Manly P. Hall, Kersey Graves, Jordan Maxwell, Ernest Busenbark, Gerald Massey, etc., to name a few. One draw back to the book is that the authors skipped over the highly important microcosmic research of R. Gordon Wasson which was available at the time. A tying together of these two works (Hamlet's Mill and Soma), as Jenkins discovered (Maya Cosmogenesis 2012), can not be over looked and is a most rewarding discovery. A solid 5 star work
1	Review I bought this book because I need it for my biochemistry class. The book itself isn't bad. It gave detail of how biological systems and chemical reaction affect each other
1	An Excellent Overview This work grabs you immediately with its description of the "standstill" procedure. A patient is placed into a coma, the blood and body chilled and then the heart actually stopped while the surgeon skillfully digs around in the grey matter. Fascinating stuff. The author is a journalist obviously awed by Dr. Spetzler and all that he (and others) have accomplished at the Barrow Institute in Phoenix--the book is primarily a story of Dr. Spetzler's career and secondarily the developing science of neurosurgery. The reader is treated to descriptions of the daily life of residents--rounds, M&M conferences, surgical procedures, etc. There are the obligatory descriptions of the hideously expensive gadgetry and imaging technology that has made modern neurosurgery possible. But something was missing. In attempting to simultaneously cover the entire field of neurosurgery (as well as a curious diversion into the history of Phoenix) this book lost some of its punch. This could easily have been an incredibly interesting biography of Dr. Spetzler (and if anyone writes one--I'm buying it), or a surgical techno-thriller about standstill procedures curing otherwise hopeless cases . Better yet, a treatise on the cost/benefit tradeoffs presented by modern medicine with its increasing dependence upon pricey machines. Not to mention the peculiar danger of saving a patient from a horrible aneurysm only to find that his or her personality is irrevocably changed--and not for the better. Unfortunately, the work was somewhat diluted by its lack of focus. Nevertheless, highly recommended
1	loved it! so much info from another culture. amazing, scary I knew the cultures were different, just never knew they were this different. I am anxious to read another book. Not because I love it, but because I am amazed at who can survive it
0	Blue Light Walter Mosley is normally a detective writer, known for his Easy Rawlins stories. Blue Light is a diversion into a genre that would fall somewhere between science fiction and new age. Various people in northern California are zapped with a blue light that makes them weird. According to the book's cover flap, the light brings out the potential of any person it strikes. However in the book it simply magnifies their existing personality. A smart girl becomes really smart, a young girl with quick reflexes becomes something of a ninja, and a promiscuous wife becomes a sex goddess. Mr Mosley is a talented writer. His prose and some of his action sequences makes this book readable. Unfortunately there's little balance between good and evil, which is problematic since the whole second half of the book is one long buildup of suspense towards a final apocalyptic encounter. Even more unfortunate is the fact the long awaited encounter is tedious and uninteresting. There's a few great and captivating scenes in this book, but otherwise extremely little to recommend itself
0	What!!! No GARLIC???? I was hoping to buy an Italian food cookbook. What I got was a cookbook about Italian "inspired" creations that he, the author, himself created. Mostly this book seems like a pat on his back for he mentions how everyone loves this or that dish every few pages....and he is proud because he made all the recipes himself!! Not authentic to me. Hardly any recipe contains garlic and I feel forced to doctor the recipes in order to get any flavor. My only hope for this book is that the deserts (I haven't tried one yet) makes up for the rest. Review addition: OK...so the Tiramasu was VERY good. Bought Lady Fingers at Trader Joes just to save you the effort of looking in every grocer and not finding it like I did.
0	portrait of a writer as a complete bore. if you ever meet someone who you have heard is a fan of this book, stick a pin in their arm to see if they are alive
0	Expensive, complicated, too fancy for me; Too much fish More fish recipes than your normal cook-in-advance books. I didn't want to buy the book, but my cat spilled iced tea on the borrowed copy (helpful kitty). There were a few interesting recipes, but everything was way too complicated and expensive. I have since given my copy to a thrift store. If you enjoy cooking and eating gourmet recipes, but don't have the time, this might be for you. If you can borrow it at the library (via interlibrary loan if your branch doesn't have it) you can better judge it. I can't recommend it, because I found almost nothing appealing. But tastes are personal, and YMMV. Just keep the book away from iced tea and cats
0	Say I know already Fortunately I was given a copy otherwise I probably would have wanted my money back. I didn't read anything beyond common sense advice and questionable opinions
0	Short and Sweet Judging by the long reviews before me, it should be obvious that there is much to say about Calvin's theology. This book doesn't say too much. For those familiar with his theology, DON'T buy this book. It will be a waste of your money. For those who would like to know more about Calvin's theology, without getting caught in mid 16th century language or too deep into theology, buy this. If you want a good in depth coverage of Calvin's theology, buy the FULL version and enjoy
0	Some good advice, but he lost me at "obey" Adams is clearly a thoughtful Christian man who cares about husbands and wives. My problem: his definition of those roles are too old-fashioned and rigid for my taste. Just so you know, I am not a liberal woman who either ignores the Bible or is ignorant of its teaching; I know the Biblical teachings on marriage and it is their instructions I disagree with Adams about. He consistently calls the wife the "helper", which diminishes the aspect of partnership that I believe marriage should be. A leader and a helper is not a partnership, it is basically one central figure and a secondary figure who helps them. Adams stresses the specialness of a helper to uplift the concept, but is apparently unaware that the role still pushes a sense of lesserness on the woman's side because, if a wife is a helper, who is she helping? The husband! The man is still the central figure and the wife is not seen as his mate, but his "helper", a moon revolving around a sun. His beliefs basically come from the age-old concept of, in regards to a wife's role, taking the Biblical word "Submit" and turning it into "obey". Honey, they're not the same. Submission, unlike obedience, can be mutual and does not always have to do with authority. The concept of marital submission, I believe, is basically to surrender to another's needs and put the other before oneself; this does not at all necessarily mean obeying! Therefore, Adam's words that the husband is never to submit to the wife were incorrect. Certainly the husband is never supposed to obey his wife, but he is clearly expected to submit to her needs. The Bible stresses the importance of the husband laying down his life for his wife if necessary; that is HUGE submission on the husband's part. Submitting to a spouse should not be a matter of one ruling over the other, but rather a matter of both spouses making sacrifices out of love and respect for each other. Adams' words of wifely obedience were very grating to me, especially when he tried giving examples of when a wife should refuse a sinful "command" from her husband. If a husband freely commands his wife, we've got bigger problems than whether the command itself is sinful or not. Adam's advice for the wife to "respectfully" refuse a sinful command also rather threw me, since his example of a sinful command was if a husband wanted his wife to play spouse-swap with another couple. His idea of what to say to such a husband? "I must respectfully say no. You must not ask me to sin and I cannot do that." Firstly, if a husband actually had the nerve to ask his wife to do something like that (or command it, in Adams' words), he'd be lucky if a disrespectful answer was all he got. Secondly, I defy anyone to find a self-respecting wife who actually talks that way. The monotone of that robotic answer gave me the impression that Adams' taken this obedience thing a little too far. This impression was strengthened with his example of how a counselor should advise a woman who "has not been a good helper". His advice: "They (wives) must be trained to put on helpful deeds, a step many counselors overlook." Maybe counselors overlook this because the concept of training women to be obedient helpers is, rightly, obsolete for most people. Books like these, which so rigidly define the roles of spouses, have a tendency to simultaneously overcomplicate and oversimplify marriage (not an easy thing to do, but they manage). They oversimplify marriage because they seem to believe that if women just obey and respect their husbands and if husbands just love and nurture their wives, the marriage will go swimmingly. It is NOT that simple! Marriage is not a recipe with instructions, it's a union between two people who will occassionaly have conflicting ideas, and conflicts will NOT magically vanish if one spouse always gives in to the other. This method also overcomplicates things because it stresses the idea of training women to be followers rather than just letting them be led by love and respect for their husbands and letting the rest fall into place on its own. Every marriage is different; it should be Godly, of course, but you cannot make the roles of spouses cookie-cutter. Christian books tend to do this mainly as a result of the author taking the Bible too literally. Adams does this by saying that, because the Bible tells the husband and not the wife to love, loving is primarily the husband's job. He went on to say that, if a husband complains that there is little love in the marriage, his counselor should tell him that it's mainly his fault! Honestly, this alarmed me more than his earlier words about counselors training women to be helpers (what kind of counselors are these, anyway?). To automatically blame either spouse for a marital problem based on your personal interpretation of the Bible instead of what's actually happening in the marriage is a little scary (if a professional counselor does this, it's downright terrifying). The interpretation itself is rather skewed; the Bible stresses on women giving respect and men giving love because respect is something that most men already give naturally and love is already something that women give naturally. It does NOT mean that the husband is the only one who has to love and the wife only has to respect, so to blame a lack of love automatically on the husband is simply unfair and silly. There are plenty of women who have a hard time loving and men who have a hard time respecting; you cannot simply assume which spouse is at fault because of Biblical instructions. This is not a bad book, but unless you view marriage in the same rigid terms as Adams, it probably won't do much for you. If it focused more on mutual love and respect rather than defining one sort of behavior for one particular spouse, it would've worked a lot better for me.
0	For me, utterly useless "Complete reference" - I thought this would describe/explain the SQL code that I need to use in my job. This book sits on my desk at work - for SQL code, I get it from the internet
1	Aramaic Translation This translation is excellent for those people who thought, I didnt equate that verse with the character of God. There are no yes and no scriptures and this translation throws new light on the verses that didnt seem right in the King James. Bless God, Knowledge will indeed increase in these last days.
1	"secrets" revealed The Reiki techniques are presented in a simple easy to understand format. I appreciated the author sharing the healing and psychic attunements; other Reiki authors only mention them and never explain how they are performed
0	Average I really enjoy Travis Hunter's writing and would go so far as to say that he's one of my favorite writers, so I went back to his older books to see how he started. I'm glad I started backwards because had I read this book first, I wouldn't have continued. It's not a bad book. Two friends, one a [...], the other one trying to make a difference in the black community, two brothers: the [...] from earlier and a crackhead, a sister who's disgusted with her own race and another sister with her head in the church. The book was so incredibly cliche. I wouldn't say it was a bad book, I've just read it a thousand times before and then turned on the t.v. to watch reruns of it
0	A Censored History of Latin Music Many people who love Latin music and vintage Latin album graphics will snatch up this book. Be forewarned that there are disappointments to be found inside. The author/compiler seems to look down his nose at the garish, exotic, sexy and sensational album sleeves from the '40s and '50s that we gringos adore, choosing for the most part to showcase politically correct, bizarre abstract art creations from the 1970s. No me gusta! It's not that there are none of the earlier variety of album sleeve on display here, but there are not nearly enough. What's worse, the author interprets "latin music" to mean Cuban, Brazilian and Puerto-Rican-derived product; if you're looking for reproductions of some great old ranchera, flamenco or merengue album sleeves, you're out of luck. The richness and diversity of Latin music is missing from this book. COCINANDO! is certainly a groundbreaking collection, but by no means is it definitive. I hope someone follows up this incomplete history with another that presents the Golden Age of latin music from a more unbiased viewpoint. I'd like to take the opportunity here to tout the collectability of vintage Mexican album sleeves; many of them are absolutely gorgeous, and they need to be recognized as the works of art that they are.
1	A book to reread frequently One of the most wonderful things about Rabbi Kushner's writings is that he isn't afraid to tackle the hard questions. If we indeed have a Shepherd, why isn't He doing a better job? To this question, Kushner says, "the psalmist would teach us to see the world, without illusions that nothing bad will ever happen, but without the fear that we will be utterly destroy This is a lovely book full of hope and wisdom. Drawing on the individual lines of the Twenty-Third Psalm, Rabbi Kushner (known best for his book Why Bad Things Happen to Good People) creates 15 essays that are thought-provoking and inspiring. He outlines the historical background of the words of the psalm, noting "The earliest ancestors of the Hebrew People who gave us the Bible were nomads, owning no property, bound to no one location but traveling with their flocks and herds wherever there was pastureland for the animals to graze on." The analogy of God to a shepherd makes perfect sense in that environment. The beauty of the analogy is that it still speaks to us today. The image which is evoked is one of caring and greater knowledge. ed by the things that do happen." Kushner is skilled at relating Biblical literature to questions and concerns of today. He relates the verse to terrorists, Einstein and daily living. He provides insights and advice as to how we can live our lives more effectively. His words also provide hope to all of us: "You may have to work hard to earn your living...But you don't have to work hard in order to feel good about yourself. All you have to do is stop striving, relax, and say to yourself, I feel good about who I am." This slim volume will stay in a handy place in my home for years to come. It's a book I will come back to again and again for wisdom, courage and peace
0	Are these reviewers as blind as Bobby Jobe? I mean, come on. A blind golfer? I thought it was an intruiging premise, too, until I tried to hit balls with my eyes closed. I'm a 2-handicapper, and I was completely hapless. So forgive me if my suspension of disbelief came crashing down. That said, Cullen writes a pleasant, if completely farfetched tale, with likeable characters. However, I thought the best parts of the book had nothing to do with golf. The subplot involving the mentally ill father was actually more interesting, believable and touching, and the best part of the book was a short bit about Allegheny men and their pickup trucks.
1	A voice for those who do not have a say right now. Promises made are not always promises kept. We all say that we want education to be a priority for all. Do we all really support that? The Shame of the Nation exposes the compliancy that many Americans have when it comes to actually promoting equal opportunities for all. We want our professional athletes and Olympic contestants to be able to compete and train in the best facilities and with the best practices. This enables them to reach their fullest potential and beyond. We should all be willing to support this endeavor for the education of all of our students. This book helps us to walk in another's shoes and truly empathize with the inequaties that so many children must deal with. Reading this book should open ones eyes to how many future adult American are set up for failure. Brown vs. Board of Education may have imposed laws for equality but it must go further into the mindset of funding agencies. If we are truly to become equal, we must alleviate the barriers that cause the fragmentation of opporutnity and success. Educators want the opporutnity to teach and have the necessary materials and support to do so. Administrators want the same. The educators and students make the best out of what is given to them. If limited resources are available and offered, how can we expect teachers and students to excel. Policy makers and politians must make an effort to walk in another's shoes. Making the educational needs of all of our student's a priority must be at the front of the list. These are future Americans. The pride and ownership that we instill and facilitate in our young Americans will carry us on for years to come.
1	I truly enjoyed it, but I have a couple concerns Let me start by saying that I thoroughly enjoyed this work. If you haven't read Michener before, this is a great place to start. Typical of Michener, he tells the story of a region over the course of centuries in this book. Michener has selected a particular river that feeds the Chesapeake, the Choptank, as his primary locale, but has populated it with geotypical persons, plantations, and towns, rather than any specific actual persons or towns from the Eastern Shore of the Chesapeake. Having grown up in Maryland, I experienced a great deal of nostalgia for the areas he describes. The characters he creates are believable and complex. The stories he tells across the centuries are compelling. I do have three concerns. The first is minor -- in the green-covered paperback the word "scow" (a flat-bottomed boat) has been replaced with the word "snow" in every instance save one. This makes for some odd reading, especially in the early chapters. The second seems petty -- I actually believe there is not quite enough information in a nearly 1000-page novel. He mentions guano trade, which significantly affected the Eastern Shore, only in one sentence at the end of the book. He doesn't explain some of the early economies very clearly. (With what was salt purchased from Tortuga? There was no cash available, and credit with Fithian seems unlikely to have extended there.) Islands other than the fictional Devon island (e.g. Tighlman Island) suddenly become important at the end of the book, and are referenced as "the old rivals of Patamoke." If they are old rivals, why didn't they appear before? Did this get cut out of the book? My third concern is a very strange charge to levy against Michener. As anyone who has seen the musical "South Pacific" knows, Michener is strongly opposed to racism. Certainly in this book there are whites, blacks, and indians of the full range of character and talent. However, the book still seems to have a strange racist undertone that I can't shake from my mind. It comes from how Michener ties his story together across the centuries. Every Janney is feckless (except for the one who becomes a Steed). Every Steed is enterprising, although not necessarily industrious. Every Turlock is craven. Every Cater is proud, even if this is expressed differently across the generations. Every Paxmore is upstanding, even the sad-sack Pusey Paxmore believes he is acting in an upstanding manor until he looks back on what he's done. One Steed even refuses to acknowledge her own grandchildren because they have Turlock blood in them, and is praised by the author for doing so. I realize that Michener was using a shorthand to help the reader keep characters straight across the centuries, but the result is rather too "geneticist," arguing that genes determine destiny
0	The Insider's Guide to Making Money in Real Estate: Smart Steps to Building Your Wealth Through Property This Dolf de Roos book is no different from his other books, owning one is the same as owning all. Writes about same topics and ideas. Good author, trying to sell more books by using different titles. If you don't own any of his books, worth the $20 or so for the book. However, if you do...don't waste your money/positive cash flow Happy investin
0	Ann Rule's finest erotic work. Ann Rule wrote the story of a young couple on a camping trip from Hell! The hero is murdered and the murderer is sexually obsessed with his sexy young wife, Joanne Lindstrom. He captures her, strips and rapes her several times over, and the poor victim is helpless in the woods and grows dependent on the evil &quot;Red Man&quot; She even falls in love with him, and he succeeds in planting his seed in her belly. This sounds like some wild male rape fantasy, but Ms. Rule wrote it, not I. Strange crime story, with highly explicit rape scenes. Highly recommended
1	A brilliant book! Finally! A book detailing the most imaginative and thought provoking type of film available: The indie. American independant cinema has consistently produced fresh, off center films, especially from the likes of Richard Linklater, Kevin Smith and Hal Hartley. They're all in here, as well as discussions on films such as the seminal Slackers. To sum up, if you're interested in more than just special effects laden pulp when it comes to movies, buy this book
0	A summer's vacation for sure! Roberts' The Pengin History of Europe contains detailed information of European history. Beginning with the Stone Age ending in the 20th century. Europes' influence on government, economics, and religion are covered in detail. Greek, Roman, Asian, Italian, Germans, Russian, and even American history have been influenced by Europes will and power. If you are a historian or history professor, Roberts' discussions will have you yearning for more. For us less scholarly students, it is a reader's nightmare
0	BIG disappointment The acclaim and good reviews for this book are mistaken - it is average work by an above average artist who his a sophomore slump with this, his second book. Sleeping by the Mississippi, as derivative as it may be, was deeper and more soulful than this work which offers not much new in contemporary photography.
0	Not My Cup of Tea I know I'll get criticized for not "getting" this book. I read many books of the entertainment industry having studied the Red Scare of the 50s, numerous autobiographies, stories of the business side of the biz, and other novels such as this. Most of my novels have been of more recent history and I read this based upon recommendation that it portrays another era. Frankly, this bizarre underbelly of Hollywood is off the charts. The one message of the book to me was that even in a more simplistic period, the lure of screen led to the same debauchery seen today. Don't know why I didn't get it as this book is so highly recommended but be forewarned, it's not for everyone.
0	Shocked. Stunned. Horrified. I realize that Patterson is known for his exciting, page-turning reads. I realize that he is famous for the relentless pace of his novels. And, most importantly, I realize that he is famous for stunning twists at the endings of lots of his books. Keeping all that in mind, I have to say that I was shocked and hurt by the, well, absolutely horrifying surprise ending to this book. To say it came at me out of left field would be a massive understatement. It's more like I was standing at home plate in Dodger stadium and was hit by a ball thrown from left field in Yankee Stadium. Truthfully, I never saw it coming. And I was horrified by it. I finished the last pages with my mouth hanging open. And I feel betrayed as well. I realize that twist endings happen often, especially when it comes to Patterson, but I DID NOT LIKE this one. I felt hurt by it. Putting that aside, it was a good read overall, which is why I give it 2 stars instead of one
0	Unbelievable cast of characters Short version: A half dozen scientists and engineers are working in the arctic, attempting to use explosives to create a huge iceberg that can floated to someplace in dire need of fresh water. They become marooned and only have a few hours before the explosives they've planted go off and kill them. However, a Russian sub may be able to save them. Koontz had the right idea when he originally released this book under a pseudonym, because it's a stinker. The set-up building to the scientists being stranded and the deadline imposed by the explosives is unbelievable. Suffice it to say that a natural disaster hundreds of miles away just happens to target the exact location of where the scientists are working. Additionally, they've planted explosives in the ice that are on timers and can't be switched off. Besides suffering from incompetence, the characters have unbelievably bad luck (beyond being targeted for destruction by Mother Nature, that is): -One is highly phobic, terrified of (you guessed it): ice & snow (because of an accident that killed her parents)! -Another's family was murdered in China -Another's had close relatives assasinated while in office and is disillusioned by politics (a thinly disguised JFK jr?) -Another lost his son to cancer -Another's psychotic If that's not bad enough, the main characters are a husband and wife team who run the project. She had a relationship with another scientist that ended badly before getting married to the current guy. So who does her husband pick to spend months on ice with? Why the ex-boyfriend of course! Because he was the best at what he did (excuse me, wouldn't second best have made more sense?) If you don't mind really bad dialog and trite situations, give this book a try. If you want a really intense adventure/thriller try Wilbur Smith's "Hungry as the Sea" or anything by Nelson DeMille
0	For Advanced only This book is attractively laid out and demonstrates (briefly) some techniques for people who have the knowledge to use them. I don't have it unfortunately. The authors say that knowing Photoshop would be "helpful"; I suspect it's required in order to do the digital printing described here. They also recommend a more basic text on digital printing to understand this book, and that kind of knowledge also appears to be required. That and a big printer! If I were qualified to use the information, I would probably give it 4 or 5 stars.
