0	Awful DVD - will be seeking refund This review is about the regular edition DVD, not the Criterion one. The DVD is a piece of garbage. IT CLAIMS TO BE WIDESCREEN, BUT IT IS NOT. IT IS ENCODED AT A FULLSCREEN DVD RATIO WITH LETTERBOXES. Not only does this waste space, but it gives the picture actually a smaller resolution than it should have as a DVD. I wouldn't be surprised if they took a pan&scan print and chopped off the top and bottom, like the Back to the Future box set fiasco. I will be comparing to my friend's copy he taped off TV to see if it is so
1	Funny, but not sure how "ironic" she really is Miss Silverman is the most recent addition to the group of "meta-bigot" comedians -- i.e. comics who tell ethnic jokes supposedly for their "shock" value, while hiding behind a screen of supposed irony -- which includes Dave Chappelle, Carlos Mencia, Chris Rock, and the writers of South Park. I find it odd that she gets away with telling so many black jokes and throwing around the "n" word so much. I think it has a lot to do with the fact that she is attractive, female and Jewish. If Larry the Cable guy ever said the "n" word on a comedy DVD, I guarantee you that Al Sharpton would already be carrying his head around on the end of a stick. Keep in mind that Silverman has been dating Jimmy Kimmel of "The Man Show" fame for many years. Though I am a female, I did truly enjoy The Man Show, though I thought it wasn't as ironic as many people would have you believe. Anti-PC "irony" is really a protective screen for telling the kind of jokes most people only tell among themselves, and don't have the gonads to do so in public. Anyone who can appreciate humor knows there's a difference between comedy and hate, but many are so sensitive that they can't tell the difference.
1	Can I give it 6 Stars? An outstanding animated comedy, Hoodwinked, brings to the screen a "different" take on the well-known Little Red Riding Hood story. In addition to the "traditional" company of adorable characters from the classic fairy tale, the cherry on the cake has to be the hilarious and hyperactive squirrel. Anne Hathaway, James Belushi, Glenn Close, and the rest of the cast, have truly outdone themselves with their performances, which are exceptional to say the least! All the actors, without exceptions, give it their 100% and it really shows (the animation does come ALIVE)! Very well written and very well presented, the movie is without a doubt guaranteed to provide more than just a few laughs. The film is simple enough, but does a great job of providing high quality entertainment the likes of which we don't get to see often enough. The setting, the plot, the dialogues, the HUMOR (!!!) and the music are all wonderful! In short, Hoodwinked is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection! Strongly recommended along with Shrek and Shrek 2.
0	No!!! Just like the ancient Indian Micmac burial ground there is no earthly, logical explanation as to why this movie exists. If you enjoyed the original or even the book then do yourself a favor and skip this facical, supposed 'sequel' created merely to cash in on a name. M
1	PREPARE TO CRY Im not gonna spoil it for anyone, although some people did already, but the ending was the most saddest thing I have ever seen, I literally couldnt stop crying, but it was so good too, I understand everything better now, if your a big wolfs rain fan and havent watched this, prepare the tissues
0	Beverly Hills Cop III Beverly Hills Cop III~ Eddie Murphy is not a terrible movie. Then again if you compare this sequel to the two first movies then one must say that it is a disappointment. Eddie Murphy is not nearly as funny as in the first two movies and the script is half lame as if they had run out of ideas. The plot is paper thin, and a total hoot compared to the two previous movies. Man, I was really looking forward to watching this movie after having seen the two other movies. This is a mediocre movie at best and gets the 2 stars that it deserves. Not recommended.
0	Nothing funny about it Jack Nicholson is wasted in this movie. He doesn't get to be JACK, he just plays a watered down characature of himself. But the worst aspect of the movie is the very basis of the story. Sandler's character keeps getting set up and as a viewer you keep wanting a payoff, a reprisal, but the point of the movie is that his character won't do it. So you have a buildup of tension throughout the movie followed by a weak and rushed attempt at a payoff. The movie should have been dumped in the first draft stage. I chuckled at 3 throwaway gags in the film; the rest of the time I kept looking at my watch wondering when it would be over
0	So............... Boring................ Here are some interesting facts relating to "Heat" and myself: LENGTH OF FILM: 547 Minutes NUMBER OF CHARACTERS IN FILM: 231 NUMBER OF INTERESTING OCCURRENCES: 0 NUMBER OF MINUTES I WAS INVOLVED/ENTERTAINED BY THIS FILM: 0 NUMBER OF TIMES I'VE STARTED WATCHING THIS FILM, THEN STOPPED: 5-6 Truth be told, I've never actually watched "Heat" in its entirety. I've seen almost all of it, and many parts of it multiple times, but never all the way through. (In fact, I think I probably have seen absolutely all of it, considering how many scenes I distinctly recall seeing repeatedly, but I can't be sure.) Anyway, I'll be sitting there trying to watch it and I just can't do it. It's so damn boring, and the thought of me being this bored for the next 8 hours is just too much and I have to do something else. Like randomly flip through the channels for the next couple hours. Maybe just stare at the walls and think. Mow the lawn, perhaps . Do some dishes. Clip my toe nails. Anything. (I hasten to add, however, that its extreme length isn't really "Heat"s problem. It's all boring. Cut it down to 100 minutes and it would still be really boring, just not for as long. Which would make it about twice as good, actually, but we're talking about such a small baseline that the difference wouldn't be terribly perceptible.) And it's not like this thing isn't up my alley. People I trust and who have good taste tell me it's good and I like crime-dramas. It has a generally excellent cast. But then I'll be looking at the screen and not one thing, not one thing will happen that makes me want to keep looking at it. And so I stop. I'd like to be more specific, but it's pretty damn hard to say why a film isn't involving. It's tough to describe a lack. Probably it has something to do with the film having so much going on that it doesn't really have time to get into anything. I especially like how Pacino's stepdaughter tries to off herself, yet we've only seen her on screen for like 2 minutes. Why would I care? Pacino's marriage is failing, you say? Why would I care? Pacino and De Niro have tedious conversations with one another. Oh boy. It's also hurt by their making Pacino a cop. He doesn't much work as a good guy. Furthermore, the action scenes are dull as hell. Also, one of the major themes of the film is about how cop and robber are two sides of the same coin. For other examples of this see every other cop drama ever made, particularly the ones that suck. (This observation, by the way, comes from the film "Adaptation", and though it didn't specifically refer to "Heat" it totally applies. On a related note, "The 3" would be about 1000 times more entertaining than "Heat", were someone to make it. If you don't know what I'm talking about, be sure to check out "Adaptation". It's a good example of a film that ISN'T really sucky and boring.) Unlike some things I dislike I feel no animosity towards those who think "Heat" is great, though I can't help but suspect that many of them were expecting a great movie, and so they got one at least in their heads. It's got Pacino and De Niro together! It's so damned long, complicated, self-important and humorless! It superficially resembles great films from the past! 4 stars!! I realize that this is unfair of me and I hate it when other people try and explain the hidden, false meanings why I like whatever movie they don't like, but it's what I think, and if that makes me a hypocrite, which it does, well, I can't change that. And besides, it's always possible that I'm right.... If in 20 years "Heat" is largely forgotten we can assume that I'm correct. If not I'll watch it again, this time all the way through, and we'll see if I've changed my mind, and we'll finally know if everyone else was deluded or if I'm just a stupid freak who differed from most of the other wise viewers on this one. Get back to me in 2026. Perhaps we'll have to make it 2031, cause the idea of me watching any of this movie again within the next 2 decades makes me a bit antsy. I need some more breathing room. But til then, the hell with "Heat". I'll just watch "Taxi Driver" or "The Godfather" or "Goodfellas" or "The Departed" or whatever again. Just about anything will do, actually, regardless of quality or genre as long as it's shorter than "Heat".
0	Hollywood Apocalypse... Sorta It's a truism that great novels make lousy movies. For evidence of that fact, you need look no further. As the great Hollywood novel (at least there's no convincing competitor), it was inevitable that "Day of the Locust" would hit the screen eventually. And when the time came, some effort was made to ensure the job was done right, beginning with the selection of the director, John Schlesinger, a literate British expatriate with a superb track record. But the 70s was the epoch of good intentions gone awry, in film as in everything else. "Locust" was made during the period when many people considered William Atherton to be an actor. You can see him in a number of major films, his expression never changing, with all the emotional impact of a log. It's one of those things that lends conviction to the claim that the industry runs on herd instinct. But it's not all Atherton's fault, because nobody comes to life in this flick. Not even Karen Black, one of the most idiosyncratic actresses ever, for all that she's playing a hooker (Karen must have gotten very tired of that kind of role). Not even old pro Burgess Meredith, as her deadbeat old man. Donald Sutherland reveals a flicker or two, for all that he's supposed to be playing a lump. The sole exception is Jackie Earle Haley, who portrays the evil-minded child actor Adore with truly demonic intensity. Maybe they should have let him direct. It would seem difficult to make scenes like the collapse of a huge Napoleonic war set or an illegal cockfight look dull, but Sclesinger brings it off. I don't know how -- this is, after all, the guy who made the selection of a new wardrobe for Cold War traitor Guy Burgess look enlightening and entertaining in "An Englishman Abroad". Maybe the milieu overwhelmed him. It's happened to other people. It all comes to a head at the climax, which is supposed to illuminate an apocalyptic painting of the destruction of LA by Atherton's Todd. In a single truly effective scene, the distraught Homer Simpson murders the noxious child actor Adore. And then... Well, if you want to see the dullest riot scene in film history, here you are. It's as if Schlesinger said, "Okay, this the 30s, and there were Nazis around during the 30s -- so let's make the rioters Nazis!" Thus we get a lengthy sequence in which people wearing very silly masks (they look like a chorus of Leatherfaces from "Texas Chainsaw Massacre") stand in one spot goose-stepping. Every now and then the camera shifts to a masked woman staring through a car windshield. And that's your riot. To top things off, Schlesinger then gives us a "symbolic" coda that succeeds only in casting into doubt everything we've seen for the past two hours. Nathanael West had an unbelievably tough career as an author. His publisher went bankrupt a week before "Miss Lonelyhearts" was due to be published. He died in a car crash only a short time after "Locust" appeared. Then they went and made this movie. Remember that next time you start thinking that life is unfair.
0	0 STARS: These movies are worse than the original. These movies are just total nonsensical rubbish about mutated babies. From a horror movie fan's perspective, I remain completely unimpressed with the merits of these films and that includes the original, "It's Alive". The only thing about babies (mutated or not) that scares me is having to change their diapers...it stinks and this entire trilogy stinks too! What a worthless...waste
0	Would not recommend I own several Real Wheels movies and thought I would give this one a shot. I found the picture quality to be less than I expected and the footage seemed out of date. The narration was dull and boring, and the children's voices screaming the number of the truck to be annoying. I would recommend any of the Real Wheels series instead of this - they never fail to please my 3 1/2 year old truck lover
0	Remix should be sold as such. Solar Flow is a fine dvd, but should not be marketed as something separate from Yoga Shakti. There are no new sequences, just remixes of the Shakti sequences. Since you can rearrange all the Shakti sequences on your own, Solar Flow is superfluous. I don't feel a lot of shanti being swindled into purchasing the same thing twice. A little disclosure please! -Rebecc
1	Best movie I have seen in a very long time I feel this movie should be seen by all. It's awesome, and really makes you think. You get very attached to the characters and feel what they are feeling. I highly recommend it! Awesome movie
1	Mummy Masterpiece I love the Mummy Series, and this HD Transfer of the Mummy Returns is all I could have hoped for and more. This is what HD is all about the visuals on this transfer are cracking and the sound pumps too, if you enjoy this movie as much as me and have HD buy this as its about as close as your going to get to perfect! A must have for showing off you HD TV and HD Player!!
0	Thoroughly predictable "thriller" The only thing that kept this from being ABSOLUTELY predictable was that a dead bad guy did NOT spring back to life. I found myself saying "Oh come on" to one plot point after another (previous reviewers have covered these absurdities). The underlying scenario was unconvincing and un-involving (previous reviews in this thread provide details)
0	Add To Cart.... NO! This movie made me want to scrape turd-shaped photons off of the back of my retinas. Anyone who praised this dogpile is either struck by the popularity of the title or saw it when they were 5 years old and are still trying to hold onto a simpler time in their life. The plot was paper-thin and the acting made me want to wear one of those Silver Shamrock masks in the hope my life would end at any second while watching this shameful reminder that ANYONE can make a movie. I love the Halloween Series (most of it, anyway) but this is crap. Pass on this one, kids
1	Heartwarming, good for all ages I remember watching Anne of Green Gables when I was a little girl with my sister, over and over again. Laughing everytime Anne broke her slate on Gilberts head, or when she accidently dyed her hair green, or when she waxes poetic about her "bosom friend". It made me smile and laugh then and still does now as a 25 year old. I would recommend this movie for anyone young or old. It is a beautiful heartwarming movie, with gorgeous scenery, unforgettable characters, and plenty of moments to laugh and cry
0	Style WAY, WAY, WAY Over Substance I'm a fan of the 1999 "The Mummy" and was understandably looking forward to this sequel. In the summer of 2001 I went to catch it at the theater with two friends and after about ten minutes we were all bored senseless by the incredible bombardment of action and F/X. We just layed back in our seats for the next two hours in utter tedium. It's a curious thing that too much action (and F/X) in a film can be boring. It may not seem logical but it's true, and "The Mummy Returns" is Exibit A. I recently considered the possibility that my first impression may have been in error so I decided to re-watch it after over five years. Yet, after a mere 10-15 minutes I was again completely detached from the picture, even though there were all kinds of exciting things going on, or, at least, things that SHOULD HAVE been exciting. "The Mummy Returns" has a lot going for it: A great cast, locations, costumes, cinematography, F/X, etc. In addition it has a great Indiana Jones appeal. Unfortunately it all adds up to a cinematic piece of excrement. What went wrong? Simply put, no substance. "The Mummy Returns" abandons the characters, and the plot is utilized simply as a flimsy clothesline for action and F/X sequences. FINAL ANALYSIS: "The Mummy Returns" has so many ingredients right, but it somehow utterly fails. It's unadulterated cinematic JUNK. It should be utilized in filmmaking classes as the quintessential example of style over substance -- having all the right elements, including budget, and stupefyingly fumbling the ball. Needless to say this could have been a great film franchise, but it was not to be. "Returns" put an end to that.
0	This just didn't do it for me Maybe I loved the original one too much, but this version of the story did not work for me. I especially was dissapointed in the music and the oompa loompas. Stick with the first one. It was perfect
0	This loosely disguised "show" is nothing but a mouthpiece for the liberal agenda of broken marriages, pedophilia, & infidelity!! This series which presumptuously celebrates and brags about the sodomite lifestyle, feminism and the destruction of the nuclear, traditional family is one of the worst, most inexcusably heinous shows currently disgracing the TV landscape--although that isn't saying much since the ruinous, liberal ideology has for the longest time monopolized pop culture. This Desperate Housewives series is rebukable on several, equally critical fronts. The first and most infamous is by far its moral vileness; the second is its horrid status as a mouthpiece for incriminatingly liberal "values"; the third is its low class cast of monotonous, expressionless actors; and the fourth is its either appallingly repetitive plot twists or its idiotically ludicrous tangents it goes off on when it needs to "freshen" its stale storyline. At the first season's start, the viewer is mistreated to the basic concept: Mary Alice commits suicide, and this sets off the looming, boring storyline about the other four, remaining housewives "intellectually" attempting to solve her death for the rest of the season. At this point, the traditional and moderate American has already been subordinated to the liberal culture war where a family is left motherless with the death of Mary Alice. Liberals love to assault the traditional family with all their sick, "alternative" debaucheries, and the show endorses this through the removal of Mary Alice (mother) from her family, where we only have a dad/son left. Later on, the assault on the traditional family is worsened when the noble concept of adoption is attacked as the real mother of Mary Alice's son is revealed to have been killed by her adoptive parents, Mary Alice and Paul Young. This show is nothing but a disguise of an assault on the traditional family. Other families include the divorcee (Teri Hatcher) whose husband is blamed for the infidelity that ruined their marriage; flagrantly, feminism is viciously alive on this show as hatred is directed to men. Another is the Van de Kamp family which egregiously loathes itself since the parents are trapped in an apparently loveless marriage, while one kid is a flaming, budding sodomite and the other is an uncontrollable villain. The next family involves the Felicity Huffman character whose troubles raising her purportedly ADD/hyperactive children derogates the concept of raising kids. The dislike towards the male gender is furthered as her husband comes home to be a demeaning, stay-at-home dad since his wife gets the bigger paycheck--an abnormality which rarely if ever happens in real life!!!! The last family is the most accursed as this depraved show celebrates pedophilia, through the Eva Longoria character preying on the high-school kid (John), and also infidelity while she rapes him. By the rock-solid and sentencing examples above, it's clear that the incorrigible theme of Desperate Housewives is the single-minded and malevolent attack and belittlement of the traditional family. This cannot be defied; only if you're a moral relativist who practices PC can you excuse this mischievous show as something that merely serves as entertainment. The culprit for the mercilessly dissolute topics of unwholesomeness is the creator of the show, one Marc Cherry. Cherry is a shamelessly, openly gay sodomite, and his "alternative" (read: irreligious) lifestyle choices are egregiously what influence him to slant the show in such morally bankrupt misdirection. Using basic common sense, we see Cherry's sodomite lifestyle influencing all the show's plot twists, as Cherry likely harbors much, personal resentment towards the traditional family, which likely but rightly shunned his choice of an unorthodox, sodomite lifestyle. When Cherry manufactures these scripts about Bree Van De Kamp's son being a closet homosexual who rebels, this blatantly is about Cherry's own, frustrated childhood. When Cherry writes about all the marriages breaking up, this is merely his thinly veiled bitterness at marriage being protected from sodomite unions recognized legally. To boot, this show's acting by the four, enormously over-the-hill and washed-up fortysomethings is just unpardonable. Hatcher acts like the ditzy buffoon; Longoria is the slutty tramp; Cross is the pasty-skinned robot with no emotion; Sheridan desperately shows off her forty-plus body; and Huffman acts like the frumpy housewife. Their "performances" (read: monotonous impersonations of people) are repetitive and abnormally rehearsed. In conclusion, Desperate Housewives is one of the worst, most irreparable shows to come out of un-American and liberal Hollywood in years. It--under the moral relativist-guise of entertainment--unaccountably celebrates profanity and misconduct to the extreme, and it attacks one of Judeo-Christian America's most revered institutions: the traditional family. The show is a ghastly train wreck which relies dependently on one crazy plot twist after another to keep the viewer lured because it cannot do so based on storyline, character development and interest alone. One severely suspects that it was created merely to scornfully give some bored, lonely housewives hypothetical situations which they will never find themselves in to alleviate their stay-at-home monotony.
0	Deceiving and Insubstantial After seening and reviewing Fahrenhyte 9/11, I chanced upon this film and watched it. It is deceiving and insubstantial. As the #1 Amazon reviewer for non-fiction, including most of the important books about national security, 9/11, oil, and terrorism, I have to state there are exactly TWO points of truth in this shallow stupid little film: 1) the photo of Bush reading a book upside down was a fabrication, Bush was actually listening. 2) Clinton blew it. Correct. Madeline Albright will go down in history for refusing to let her staff report terrorism honestly, and Tony Lake will go down in history for failing to get it right. It bears mention that then Commandant of the Marine Corps Al Gray did get it right, in his article "Global Intelligence Challenges of the 1990's" published in the fall of 1988, but no one wanted to listen. I am impressed by the teacher of color who was in charge of the classroom that day, recounting how she felt Bush was truly presidential, and wise not to add to the panic by rushing out of the room. Absolutely. Good point. The rest of this extreme rightist propaganda tract is totally disconnected from reality and the truth. The movie claims that Gore lost because of Nader, and completely ignores the hard documented proof that the Florida leeadership acted to disenfranchise over 35,000 people of color, one reason that the Bush family was so confident, in advance, of victory in Florida. This trashy film fails to address the many angry Representatives and the inert Senate, including Gore, who failed to use the power of Congress to redress the impeachable wrong done to America in 2000 (and again, this time in Ohio, in 2004). Anything that features snap-shots of Ann Coulter is very likely to be loosely related to the truth, reality, or the public interest. I am glad I watched this film, because it reconfirms my gravest fears--the extreme right in America now has a propaganda machine more powerful that Hitler's, and a brainwashed following more lethal than the Hilter Youth. This is seriously troubing stuff. I gave Moore four stars, one star down for being too glib by half. That's an honest assessment. This shallow little movie gets two stars, and both of those are for reflecting what is in the small minds of the nutty right
1	A Very Powerful Treatment of Popularity viz a viz Discipline in the Military In an interview Sir Alec Guinness was asked how difficult it was for him to portray an individual whom he in actual life was the opposite to, Sir Alec responded as all great actors would, by saying that he felt it to be challenging, but enjoyed it once he got into it... and this is the Alec Guinness that one sees in Tunes of Glory. The tale of friction between two powerful figures, both with huge egos and both unwilling to bend to the circumstances of reality and their times. The ending of the movie has always broken me up and brought me to tears. for just as in the movie... "all my sons".. the Major (Guiness) felt an afffinity and a kinship to all the men under him, growing to love them as (..."all my babies"...) he would his own sons.. there lies the irony in the ending... and his ultimate feelings for Col. Barrow (John Mills).....enuff sai
0	Really Old Really Fast For some reason, I fell into the trap of believing a dvd that consists of all of Eminem's music videos would be really cool. It really isn't. In fact, I have only watched this dvd once. The music videos are great, but how many times do you really think you are going to watch them. The extras are definetely not worth the purchase. Once again, how many times are you going to watch The Making of Stan. The extra that mocks the Blair Witch Project is also just really really bad. Overall, don't buy this. Download the music videos and spend your money elsewhere. Actually, go use it to see 8 Mile
1	a telling picture of the future This movie came out the same year that the Supreme Court gave us abortion on demand via Roe v. Wade. How ironic is that? We are living in these days to a certain degree already. This film is disturbing on many levels because of it's impending reality. I highly recommend it as a wake up call.
1	Edward Norton.... nailed his part. Excellent movie even if it doesn't line up with history a bit.
1	"I'm in print!" Navin Johnson is an idiot. He was adopted and raised by black sharecroppers in Mississippi. Navin loves his family but he feels he doesn't fit in. His family all has rhythm, but he doesn't. So, on his 18th birthday he leaves to discover the rest of the world. After hitching a few rides he ends up in St. Louis working and living at a gas station. My favorite scene in the entire movie happens there. The new phone books arrive and Navin gets all excited. "This is the kind of spontaneous publicity--your name in print--that makes people. I'm in print! Things are going to start happening to me now." That scene is priceless. While at the gas station Navin invents a device for a man's glasses that later makes Navin a billionaire. But, before that happens he gets shot at by a crazy sharpshooter, gets a job at a traveling carnival, meets a biker chick, breaks up with the biker chick, and fall in love and marry the woman of his dreams, Marie Kimble (Bernadette Peters). Of course, Navin ends up loosing everything and that's why he's a jerk. THE JERK wasn't Steve Martin's first movie, but it was his first starring role in a feature film and introduced the style of comedy he was doing on the comedy circuit to a broader audience. The movie is filled with all kinds of jokes from witty one-liners, poop jokes, sexual innuendo, slapstick, and a lot of crazy nonsense. There were moments of THE JERK that I really enjoyed, but there was a lot of stuff that was just plain stupid. Of course, there's a lot of material in the film that no one would be able to get away with today. Steve Martin always was more than just a "Wild and Crazy Guy." He's an intellectual at heart and one can see snippets of that side of Martin in THE JERK. Unfortunately, it's overshadowed by the type of comedy Martin was doing on the comedy circuit that appealed mainly to teenagers and college students. Actually, the reason I ended up liking THE JERK wasn't because of Martin at all, it was because of Bernadette Peters. Peters is one of the finest actresses of all time--she can do serious drama or slapstick comedy and do it better than any other actress. She's a classy lady with a broad charm. Martin is the star of THE JERK, but the film would not have been able to stand if it wasn't for Peters. THE JERK is a must-see movie for Martin or Peters fans. It's also a movie that people who enjoy lowbrow humor will probably like. The film's largest audience at the time it was released was college students and teenagers. Twenty-five years that core audience probably hasn't changed much
1	Thoroughly Entertaining This is a really good movie with an excellent excellent screenplay. The movie begins with the birth of punk, when a small roomful of people were fortunate enough to catch the Sex Pistols when they first came out, changing the course of music, and ends with the death of acid. As Tony Wilson puts it in the film, it is the "story of Manchester," that begins when a group of young and idealistic local boys decide to screw London and its record companies and start producing their own records out of Manchester, and boy, has music history benefited from this decision. It's interesting to note that as these young lads on the forefront of the music scene in Manchester began to age, they become less idealistic as they were in their youth, and more acknowledging of reality and its limits. My only complaint is that I wish the movie could have had more on Joy Division and New Order, than on the Happy Mondays. Why did Tony Wilson ever sign a band that came in last place in Manchester's Battle of the Bands??? The casting for this movie is outstanding, as well. Two big thumbs up. P.S. I don't know why they used the cover that they did for the DVD. It really has nothing to do with the film
1	WOW WOW WOW!!! All I can say is WOW, this is one tough (but excellent) workout. I am an intermediate to advanced level exerciser and incorporating this DVD into my routine is going to get me into the best shape ever. No question about that! There is a short segment of ab work, and I would like to see more, but if you're like me and do other things through the week targeted to your abs, you will be fine. Five stars for Jari
1	Promising Debut Small town America... only this isn't the pleasant and white-picketed small town America of film noir fame, it's the gray and colorless small town America of neo-noir, and there's the man on the sidewalk looking like a lost bum to prove it. A bum who's being approached by that famous "Man in a Black Trenchcoat"... Hard Eight (AKA Sydney, but I've yet to see a version of it anywhere that actually claims that title) is a debut pretty much as promising as Blood Simple to the brothers Coen. Paul Thomas Anderson immediately sets out to give us only the best, with actors he wants to make famous and a script that has characters doing almost nothing we want (or expect) them to do, but who yet remain completely sympathetic throughout. Anderson also uses neo-noir color to great effect, allowing red and blue to do what harsh black and white contrast is supposed to do in classical noir. That said, Anderson still knows where the majority of the talent lies, and despite the long takes and steady-cam shots that would develop into those dizzying long takes from later movies, he focuses most of his time on the characters' faces, and just lets them be. If he hadn't already done the amazing and always stunning later work of Magnolia, Boogie Nights, and Punch Drunk Love, I'd say that this is a "promising debut that makes me impatient for the next Anderson picture to come out," but since he does now have four classics notched into his belt, I must say, "See this to see Anderson at his roots," and "Man I can't wait for his next feature!" --PolarisDi
1	Northern Exposure-complete third season Once you get started collecting this series, you'll want them all. The show gets better as it goes along.
1	Amazing Story The hero of New Jersey, short for Bull Dog wins the Boxing World Championship, in a miracle comeback story. The movie depicts the often fatal business of boxing. Each year about 200 boxers die. The commissioner does not want Braddock to fight Baer telling him that it will be a suicide fight. Braddock tells the commissioner that he risks death every day he works on the docks and Boxing is the business he knows best. Baer has killed three men in the ring with his power right cross that separates the brain from the spinal cord. The commission shows Braddock, on film, the last Baer fight and Braddock watches carefully as Baer kills a man in the ring. Braddock is the underdog, smaller and older, and Baer does not want to fight Braddock. Braddock strategy is to sidestep and swipe Baers left hand out of the way. In the end Braddock ends up in a fist to fist punch out with Baer for 15 rounds. Braddocks ribs hold up and he wins the fight by judge decision. The movie gives hope for the common man, the Irish Catholic, and thoses suffering from the Great depression. Braddock is characterizes as one having emmense courage, appreciation of his country, and hope that America will be great. Braddock must fight to survive, keep his family together, and survive the meat market of professional boxing
1	You could numb your brain thinking about the paradoxes, but an Excellent Film I would love to discuss the paradoxes in this movie but that would give away too much of the plot for those who have not seen it, which should be the reason your reading this review. Any story dealing with time travel will have them, it is unavoidable. Think of the "Grandfather Paradox". If you were to travel back in time and kill your grandfather, you would never exist. If you never existed, you could not travel back in time to kill your grandfather. So for purpose of this movie you must suspend your disbelief. The plot of this movie is brilliantly cohesive, as it can be. It just requires a lot of thinking. This film is beautifully shot, has great acting, and a great story. I definitely recommend this one.
