0	Good house music does not equal good music 2 1/2 Competent though disappointing, this highly referenced trance album cannot escape it's plodding, dated backbone of a beat, no matter how refined and professional the production tries to be. Of course, listening to the album 13 years later, one immediately feels the bland, aged thump soaked into the generic sequencing and tonality, which is not to say the album was not worthy of the praise it garnered upon release-in House-centric circles that is. The thudding, ever present, 4/4 layering of a pulse that guides entirely too much mainstream electronic music out there will vastly undermine any of the dreamy atmosphere heavily present on this ambitious little club-hopper, rendering most of the Yanni-with-edge keyboard melodies banal. Thankfully once in a while, particularly at the start and finish of the disc, a semi-potent spell is afforded these static conditions, allowing Dreamland to shine in refreshingly unrestricted ways
1	amazing This album showcases Collin Raye's amazing tenor to the fullest. Hits like "Love Me," "Little Rock," "My Kind of Girl," "Not That Different," and "I Can Still Feel You" are featured on this brilliant album. Raye's vocals are well done, as is the song selection. Most of the songs are ballads, Raye's specialty. If you are a fan of Collin Raye, then this album is a must-have.
0	BMG ruined Elvis' Blue Christmas I wish I had never owned the original recording of this album because THIS "version" is a sorry compilation disc distributed by BMG/Sony that hardly compares to the original. If you can find the original, get THAT, for this compilation disc does not contain some of the selections and suffers greatly for it
0	One Great Song Does Not a Classic Make Other than Heavy Metal Drummer, this album is totally mediocre. This album is perhaps the most overated, overhyped alternative album of all time. I do not see what all the fuss was about. I guess that sums up Wilco for me in general. I could not name another song on this album because none of the other tracks are worth remembering. Download Heavy Metal Drummer off a paysite and skip this album at all costs
1	First Melodic Death Album Originally released in 1993, Dark Tranquility's Skydancer remains a masterpiece. Along with At the Gates, In Flames, Carcass, Death and Edge of Sanity, Dark Tranquility created the genre known as melodic death metal. Everything expected of a good melodic death album is here. Aggresive sounds juxtaposed with acoustic parts, an inteligent concept and growled vocals. Mikeal Stanne is one of the only vocalists who can sound pissed off and peaceful all at the same time. Many of the ideas such as using female vocals for different effects were way ahead of their time as well. Can't give a perfect rating though because while it's original, the production isn't very well done and they hadn't quite hit the peak of their skills yet
0	A disappointment The SACD recording of Derek and the Domino's Layla is a disappointment to say the least. I have recently begun listening to several SACD and DVD-Audio recordings and this sound mix offers nothing new to the previous recordings. This is one of rock's best offerings and the sound on this SACD offers no improvement to the mix of Eric Clapton and Duane Allman's guitar work. A major letdown.
0	Thug Rap??? Please...(2.5 stars) A lot of people are meriting Ja's credibility on all his albums because he has been able to keep his voice on the airwaves since 1998. So he released his sophomore album Rule 3:36 in Sept 2000, that is one of the worst Ja albums I've heard (not the worst, The Last Temptation takes that title). Ja tries to be "gangstafied" on this album but fails terribly. Starting with the first single "Me & You" thinking his thug style can attract women. I haven't bought the concept in 2000, and I'm still not buying it six years later. Or how about the flat falling track "F*** You" featuring Vita and 01? Or as many revewers have pointed out that he tries to boast his singing vocals on this album, which seriously damages his creditablity. How about the song "Put It On Me" before Lil Mo joined song. Sounds wack(er) with out her. Or how about the late Barry White imitation on the song "Extacy" (and thats one of the decent tracks on this album). Oh and remember when "Between Me & You" was highly antacipated that you downloaded the single on Napster? Well do you remember that the origonal/demo that some of you downloaded didn't have Christina Millian singing the hook, but had Ja singing it himself. Thank god that wasn't on the album. Now there are some listenable tracks on this album that I would like to point out. "6 Feet" is a standout track, and is possibly the best track on this album and my personal favorite. "Watching Me" is another tight track, as Ja spits with a load of energy within him. "I Cry" and as mentioned earlier "Extacy" are decent at best. Other than that, most of the tracks on this album are skippable. Overall, a sub medicore Ja Rule album. Most of the 4 and 5 star reviewers are either big time Ja Rule fans or just in love with mainstream overrated rap ("Put It On Me" [Remix]). To me, this album is nothing else but a pop rap, falsafied thug rap album that just doesn't appeal to me. I recommend this to hardcore Ja Rule fans if they don't have this already. Lyrics: C Production: C+ Guest Appearances: C- Musical Vibes: D- Favorite Tracks: Watching Me, 6 Feet, Die, Extacy Honorable Mention Track : Chris Black (skit
0	not as good as the original If you have listened to the original cd you will find this one to be terrible. It can never be as good as the original. Also Snoop Dogg screwes up in Gangsta Gangst
1	New Edition minus Bobby,Ralph and Johnny Technically,this is New Edition minus Bobby Brown,Ralph Tresvant and Johnny Gill. Brown,by 1990 when this album was released,was enjoying a successful solo career,especially from many sales of his second 1988 release DON'T BE CRUEL. Tresvant released his self-titled debut also. So the remaining three NE members Ricky Bell,Michael Bivins and Ronnie DeVoe became Bell Biv Devoe. You can see on the album cover that one member has the official NE logo on his sweatshirt. These guys started their musical careers as typical R&B artists in 1983(Jackson 5 clones,vocally). And now they're "hippin' and hoppin'"! NE released their debut CANDY GIRL in '83,the self-titled album followed the following year,and between then and 1988,released three more albums.
1	A Mandatory Slice of American Pie All children, especially American children, should be introduced to the first two Boston albums at an early age. They are among the best guitar oriented rock records ever in the history of humankind. Fantastic guitar arrangements and tone, and otherwordly vocals performances by Brad Delp all captured here for our enjoyment in perpetuity. You owe Tom Scholtz more money, and you know it
1	The Anime sound track that never was This is a complete concept album centred around anime and punk classics... The CD has 13 tracks and clocks in at about 30 minutes this shocked me at first when I put the CD into my pc yet then I realised throughout every minute of the CD it manages to sound fresh no matter how many times you manage to listien to it, this is where the CD'S charm lies in it's bubble gum pop punk rock. It's fun, it's lighthearted it's not serious yet it loves every minute of it ^_^ If you like anime of manga then the packaging will catch you eye immediatly, which is also nice they included the DVD with it so you can see the videos which show off the band's true vision. If you want some light hearted bubble gum pop punk, or something completly differnt, then you found it. Who thought you could cover the sailor moon theme, sing about captian crunch and cover a punk classic on one album?
1	one of the greatest early British hard rock albums This album deserves to be (at least) as popular as Led Zeppelin's first two albums or Deep Purple's "In Rock" and "Machinehead" albums. Simply great. And by the way, you should check out Ten Years After's "A Space in Time" too. The high point of the album, which includes many fine tracks, is "Come Together in the Morning". And the original version of "Wishing Well" is so much more powerful than the better-known version by Gary Moore, which just doesn't do the song justice. While many reviewers rave about Paul Kossoff's guitar work, I think this album is a real showcase for Paul Rodgers, one of rock music's greatest singers
0	No More Vocals Please !!!!!!!!!!! I Purchased the Winter Solstice Vol #3 thinking that it would be as good as the rest,was I disappointed. Tracks 5,6,7,10,11.13 are atrocious,the rest of the tracks are good.I cant get to my CD player fast enough to skip over them when they start playing.I now sample every song on the CDs and dont take for granted that all Winter Solstices are created equal.People,please start giving honest reviews and stop the false advertisement
1	Don't Expect Hip Hop & You'll Be Fine... Reading all these reviews, you've got a whole buncha people bashing on this CD because it's a dance album. Well, to all you that don't know Norman Cook, AKA Fatboy Slim is in fact a dance artist who produces dance music, don't go into this album expecting anything different. Mr. Cook is a genious and his singles time & time again are proven not only to be sucessful, but also timeless(aside from the tracks that the top 40 radio DJs get ahold of and cram down our throats a zillion times until we never wanna hear 'em again... Thanks for that by the way, you're doing the world a great service). As far as not understanding "Star 69",; what is there to understand. "Star 69" was made for one reason & one reason only, to make you shake your butt. If you're looking for meaning in music, go listen to Yanni, or Enya, or Celine Dion, only listen to Fatboy if you wanna boogie to the MFin' oogie. As far as the guy bashin' "Bird Of Prey", it's Jim Morrison dude; what more do you need. For those of you who don't know musicians outside of the Backseat Boys, Jim's the lead singer from The Doors, & one of the few truely brilliant musicians of ours any other generation... ever. Basically I'll put it like this, don't bash on the man because you're to sheltered to understand good music unless it's played for you twice every hour on the hour on the radio or MTV. Cook's music'll be around alot longer than any one of your 1 hit wonder's out there. Just because Norman makes his own music, & not from some mold given to him by some slimey record executive doesn't mean his music is bad. If you don't get it fine, but don't bash on something just because you're to shallow or close minded to understand. Open your ears and give it a shot, your brain will thank you
0	not her best I listen to this cd because billie is my moms favorite singer and she heard this is one of her best boy were they wrong. Her voice is so bad becasue of all the drugs she has done and music is way overproduce. Billie was at her best with a more strip down sound with just a couple of musicans not a few blowed orcherstra. Fans like this because it is billie and if she sang the phone book they would by it and the fact that her life was just as bad as the songs that she sang. You make love a artist a whole lot but you got to admit when they have done something that is far from there best that does not mean that you should love them anyless. The one good thing about billie is that there is alot of her music to chosse from before you buy this
1	Blast beats from hell! I must admit I bought this album for the cover alone. I must also confess that I had never heard of Belphegor. I was browsing a mom and pop record store looking for hard to find cds and in their new release section I came across "Pestapokalyspse VI". Being a fan of death metal I decided to give it a try. I'm always looking for new bands to get into. I am very glad I gave these guys a whirl. The best way I can describe the sound of this album is that is seems to be a strong combination of Norwegian black metal and death metal. The heaviest aspect to this record in my opinion is the drums, there are ton of pummeling blast beats that are just relentless from these German dark lords. As heavy as Belphegor are they also have a strong sense of melody. After the first two tracks of pummeling death metal the band then slows down a bit with the track "Angel of Retribution". There is some pretty impressive guitar work on this song. There is also some really dark demonic like chanting on this record which to me Belphegor could write the soundtrack for an Omen film. In my ignorance I thought this was new band but I believe they have 2 to 3 releases before this one. After hearing "PestapokalyseVI" I would definitely pick up some of there other records. My suggestion to anyone who is into death and black metal to pick this one up, Belphegor are a great combination of the two styles of extreme metal. Some of the highlight tracks in my opinion are "Hell's Amassador", "Pest teufel apocalypse" and "Seyn todt in Schwartz". This is must for any extreme metal head. A brutal hidden treasure of 2006.
1	recomended 2day i just ordered this cd from barns and noble! cant wait til it comes in! i love the songs surrender and all night long! i also recomend the fallowing cds and artists,everytime we touch by cascada,a fever you cant sweat out by panic! at the disco,1on 1 by rupee,decemberunderground by afi,greatest hits by ace of base,flyleaf by flyleaf,sound advice by shapeshifters,and end of gray by decyfer down! buy them all
1	Awesome album One of my top fave Rasputina albums. Tons of great songs, very few joke songs, and great art work
1	Worthy sophomore effort Out of Exile, like the debut, rocks out of the blocks riding a rolling riff that once again confirms that these guys are actually steeped in classic hard rock folklore. Again we see Rick Rubin twiddling the knobs for a fine selection of mature hard rock. Chris Cornell is again in full possession of a voice capable of putting all sorts of feeling into his lyrics. Indeed the fact that Cornell writes all the lyrics is interesting - the fact that this band has had to work out how to operate after their still talked about former bands was another hurdle these dudes had to get over. Lucky for us that they did. This second instalment of the Audioslave story sounds much like the first which is no bad thing. The riffs are so smooth - who let the 70's back in? - and the band show full well the way to alternate rockers with mellower stuff. This album does fell a little mellower overall. Not sure if that's why the album flopped to a certain extent in certain territories but the band have corrected the slight problem of too many tracks that affected the debut. This ablum probably shut some of the naysayers up. Sure it's sales weren't up there with the debut but it's as consistent as the first album and it's showed that this band were a serious proposition and not just a one off project and that's a good thing as hard rock needs such gimmick free bands in the mix as a foil to some of the more hysterical bands out there. In the final analysis this is a four star release for those who like their hard rock from talented players and full off rollicking riffs for the melodies to ride along. Token non musical gripe - why the dull/crap cover
0	mr.bubblerapper himself all this dude does is release bubble gum garbage songs like whatyou know about that etc. well mr ti what you know about rap. cause ya sure dont get any lyrical skills i hope you dont think you are going to make people think you are king of the south with garbage like this
1	Can't put it down As another reviewer said. This may be the easiest CD to wear out in 10 days
1	I am WIERD OK....see if you can make sense of this...my favorite bands are Radiohead, the Cure, Bauhaus, Talking Heads, Kraftwerk, and Dan Fogelberg.....so, where does his sound fit into this genre' of music? IT DOESNT...i just happen to love this guys voice and his tunes....my favorite one on here is Same Ol Lang Syne...oh my god, i melt when i hear this....i have to admit, lots of his music is sentimental to me due to my childhood, but i listen to him pretty much every night when i go to bed..i think his music is beautiful......Peace :
1	Lee Lessack Has Heart AND Voice Lee Lessack Is one of the finest singers in cabaret today. His CD stays in my player and always will. He combines ability with heart and this is truly an unusual and winning combination
0	Wanted: For wack rhymes!!!!!!! I'm sorry but children that try to rap are just horrible. They are just a gimmick like the old school r and b artists that would come out called teeny boppers. I guess this lil one wants to be a "hip hop teeny bopper". Well guess what? You don't get teeny bopper reviews, you get grown up one's. Please stop rapping and go to college (or work as a mechanic) like a normal kid should
1	One of my favorite albums of all time. She is an amazing songwriter. Not only is Pink an amazing singer, but her lyrics are soo deep and personal. I love people who write about the sad times because a lot of people needs to hear something they can relate to. Family Potrait speaks to a lot of people, including my brother, who overhead the song and keeps requesting me to replay track 7. The whole album is a work of art so it's hard to choose, but if I had to choose, my favorites are Don't let me get me, Just Like a Pill, Family Potrait and Lonely Girl. Pink's voice is soo raw and real that you can actually feel the pain in her voice. Once you listen to this album, you will want hear more. So I will go ahead and let you know that her third album is Try This and her fourth, which is her best thus far is "I'm Not Dead". So please give this album a chance. Pink is a real artist and she will be around for a long time because she is true to herself.
0	so let down I normally don't write reviews that are negative on amazon because they usually get nothing but negative feedback/unhelpful votes or whatever. So I shall try to be as fair as possible. I got Leonard Cohen's compilation "i'm your man" and there is this amazing, incredible rendition of "if it be your will" that Antony does. It was my favorite track on this record and the whole Leonard Cohen tribute concert in general, 'come so far for beauty' is really good. "If It be your will" was performed with such a soulful voice and i loved how it built inself until the end with the background vocals wailing and him stating the title words over and over. So I went to the library and waited a month to borrow this debut record by Antony; it was always checked out or on reserve. Yes, it was the same voice, and yes, I will say, Antony does have a very interesting and even somewhat beautiful voice. The album's sleeve put me off at first (and continued to do so). I am someone who often puts music together with its cover art (check out This Mortal Coil's 'song to the siren' with that perfect 23 envelope sleeve, for example). So I listened to this album a few times and was put off by the silly lyrics that actually made me grimace and cringe. "mr muscles forcing bursting stingy little thingy into me . . ." or "i am so very happy, so please hit me" or "river of sorrow, don't swallow" or the breathy way he says the word "twilight" don't know, it just made a little uncomfortable. So it seemed I didn't like the record. Then I read an article in INTERVIEW magazine with Elton John about new music in 2005, he was praising Antony's second record. So I gave it another try and after three songs, couldn't handle it anymore. The images of the cd and the things he sings about or his presentation of the words ruin it. Maybe if he just sang songs by poets like Leonard Cohen it would be better? In the Elton John article, he said Antony sings a lot about sexuality, which I gathered from the lyrics, and but he presents his sexuality in such a pathetic way that almost says "if you don't like me, or if you are not drawn to this sad life I am presenting to you, it's because you don't like gay/transgendered people". In my case, that couldn't be further from the truth. I would not recommend this record to anyone, but when I mention it to people, I can't help but say how much I loved "if it be your will" and how disappointed I was in his solo effort.
1	A title that Lives up a Solid Title here because not only are the Songs Here Very Soulful&Timeless but the Artists Featured here are whose who that Brought Soul Music out.back in a time Period when it was a Honored to Be Called SoulFul.these Songs Represent a time Period that Brought out the Best in R&B Radio
1	Beautiful guitar a la Django Sometime not too long ago, Bireli Lagrene decided to stop running away from his God-given talent to play exactly as Django Reinhard, and instead embrace it. This record is in my opinion far better than Gypsy Project, which suffers from some highly irritating violin playing. For some viciously swinging gypsy jazz featuring Bireli's astounding lines, I recommend Move! as well as the even better Routes to Django, recorded when Bireli was 13 years old.
0	sooooooooooooo disappointing!!! don't buy it. buy his first cd instead! i loved marques houston in immature/imx. his first solo cd was good. he's a decent actor as well. this cd, however, does not match up AT ALL with other stuff he's done. all because of u and naked were good songs (and naked was a good video ;) ) i think there was one other good song - but, i sold this cd to a used cd store about 2 weeks after i got it. i couldnt even listen to most of the songs all the way through. boring. vulgar language. mh is just trying too hard by using the n-word a lot and talking dirty. sex music can be classy - but not on his cd. i was soooooooooooooooo disappointed with this piece of crap cd. do NOT buy it!!!!
0	Not my thing.. Why does this cd not appeal to me? Well, it doesn't have what it takes (in my opinion) to reach inside of me and make me tap my foot to the beat. His previous songs did that. Sure, Will is growing and I hope he continues to grow but this cd was a disappointment to me. I expected more. Should you buy this cd? Sure! If you're a fan of Will then go for it. If you want a totally different style of Will then give it a bash. If you're looking for some upbeat music that will make you bop your head at a party or while driving then I suggest you pick another cd
1	70s pop reigns thanks to Alan, Wayne, Merrill, Jay and Donny This release includes all ten of the brothers' top 40 hits from 1971 to 1974 ("One Bad Apple" through "Love Me For a Reason" and "The Proud One") plus two additional cuts: "I Can't Stop" and their version of "He Ain't Heavy." The 1992 greatest hits compilation on the Curb label is essentially the same disc minus the two additional tracks. "I Can't Stop" was recorded in the late sixties back when the brothers were regularly on television on Andy Williams' weekly variety show. The song was released after "One Bad Apple" topped the national charts. The flip side of that number one hit was their remake of the Hollies' hit "He Ain't Heavy, He's My Brother." That tune was eventually covered over the next few years by many artists, including Neil Diamond and Olivia Newton-John. If you don't already own the 1992 hits disc or the three disc box set released in 2000 (also on the Curb label) then this is the compilation for you. You may also want to get your hands on the other two recently released "20th Century Masters" collections: one covers Donny's solo hits of the 70s plus the other disc features his hit duets with sister Marie from the same decade
1	Wonderful experience I had the opportunity to see Tom Braxton play for an extremely happy crowd at his almamader, Dunbar Middle School (then Dunbar High School). "Julian's Smile" and "Bounce" are superbly played, smoothe and fresh sound. See him live if you get the chance, buy the CD anyway
1	Millennium ~ Front Line Assembly When I first heard this album back in 1994, I did not like it all. I was expecting Tactical Neural Implant part two. However, later on in life and with a much broader palate for music I must say that I love it. It was a stroke of genius to add the layer of guitars and I love the hard edged sound which sounds like a mix between Ministry, FLA, Die Krupps and even Front 242. The cover is a very odd thing that does not look like anything at all and the text is not all that great. The lyrics are interesting and they make up for the not so great vocals with plenty of energy and a tremendous tallent to make cross over music. The guitar layer is amazing and add a brutal edge to an already grimm sound. FLA show on this album that they can mix and match their sound and still be able to create amazing music.
0	For American twenty-somethings A relentlessly trendoid pastiche intended for the North American kewl market. It cobbles together the offerings of many fine and varied artists, but the association implies that there is a "new thing" here - in the sense of the original bossa nova or tropicalia, which isn't the case. Rather being something new, it is an example of unassimilated influences. Some North American influences have been "eaten," perhaps especially by artists connected with Bahia, but that's not really on the table here. Virginia Rodrigues career has been stalled from day one because she is essentially unable to use her great voice - she simply can't move her butt stylistically - thus, her inclusion here is a bit of unintentional irony. Brasil has a tremendously complex folk and pop musical reservoir and a sophisticated modern music industry - this stuff is definitely not the sharpest tooth of the cutting edge0	"Desperately" poor song selection... If this album had "Desperately" on it from "Stick It To Ya", I would've bought it in a second. That's the best song on that album, a hidden gem that got a small amount of airplay nonetheless. And with 8 tunes coming from that album (as well as 8 from its follow up "The Wild Life"), you would've thunk that "Desperately" would've made the cut over ho-hum songs like "She Wants More" or "You Are The One". As such, skip this one, the songs from "The Wild Life" aren't that great anyway. Get "Stick It To Ya" instead, it's a better best-of Slaughter collection than this one
1	american music wilder than louise armstrong of the hot 5's, more adventurous than miles davis in agartha, more rock than the millions and millions of american garage bands since 1960. i was there. this is it
1	Powerful as the First I have looked for this soundtrack for years and I was so glad to finally see it offered. I love the variations on the theme from the Omen II, such as the opening music from the movie, which is why I looked for so long. If you love powerful and furious music, this is for you
0	The new sony is very poor quality I bought this never having problems from Amazon.com before. They did not state that this was a Sony product and when I received it, all the CD had on it was a root kit virus. It would not even play in my CD player. When I tried to read the CD to copy and burn the "WAV" files to a new CD so I could just listen to the music, all there were on the CD was executables and no sound files. Sony is very poor quality now and I do not want to buy it again
0	Not the music from this movie This is not the music from the movie. This purchase was a Major dissapointment. You would do beter searching for the music credits for titles, then download the tracks form your music subscriber
1	A great place to start Prefab Sprout, a band that just ages very well. Thomas Dolby's footprints are all over this recording. While this CD lacks "Wild Horses", it contains just about every song any fan could wish for. Hands down, it beats the Life of Surprises compilation with its inclusions of "Lions in My Own Garden" and other material from Swoon, as well as such gems such as "The Golden Calf" (a personal favorite of mine) off From Langley Park to Memphis as well as the wonderful "Bonny" from Steve McQueen/Two Wheels Good. I think I could listen to this CD for weeks on end and never tire of such greats as "Life of Suprises", "The Sound Of Crying", "Carnival 2000", "Appetite" and so many others. Yes, you could go buy all the Sprout's stuff (which I recommend highly). Still, this is a great way to savor one of the most wonderful bands out there.
0	Very good sometimes, too electronic at others. I was, overall, disappointed by this CD. There are many good reviews here, but they generally overpraise. Tracks 4 through 8 have too much synthesizer for my ears. A major highlight is track 9, The Crab and the Egret, but interestingly, the flute is accompaniment to the wondrous Chinese percussion. Disappointingly, the CD is only 40 minutes long and left me wanting more tunes without synthesizer accompaniment
1	Solid DIsc this disc is blazing but not quite as deep as Romantic Warrior.but still Chick,Al,Stanley&amp;Lenny give up the Rock,Jazz&amp;Funk and Fuse a strong brew here.Celebration Suite Part 1&amp;2 take this disc to another Level.the Playing is very Intense&amp;tight.when folks say so&amp;so is one of the Greatest Guitarist of All-Time they have to Include AL DiMeola. his solos ain't no joke.Lenny solos and they are banging.Stanley is incredible as usual&amp;Chick Corea has no-Limits
1	bEST CHOICE FOR AMERICA 1995!!!!!! SO REFRESHING! Absolutely a positive influence for our young people!!! I cherish her music, what a wonderful young woman with an amazing voice...whatever she sings!!! The next best voice of perfection
1	I don't understand I don't understand what the previous &quot;reviewer&quot; was talking about, that miles was playing it square here. This is a beautiful, relaxed album, and one of the only quartet recordings miles did. Plus, he plays the open trumpet on every tune. He made this album when he was waking up from his blue haze of heroin addiction, right before he went on to huge fame and success and you can hear all his new ideas formulating on this record. However, if you're only accustomed to later Miles Davis records where he was fueled by fiery tenormen like Shorter and Coltrane, then maybe it might sound too laid back for you. I dunno
0	O Brother Bruce, Where Art Thou? There are two stellar tracks on this: &quot;McCarran Airport," sounding like a lost Jimmy Webb classic, and the wistfully gorgeous &quot;Spring Time.&quot; A quick look at the credits show they're the only two from the pen of brother Bruce. As for the rest -- think Kenny G meets H/D/H. Sadly, that stands for Hallmark/Doggerel/Hallmark. And that's too bad, as the vocals and sparse arrangements are right on the money. If there's to be a follow-up, give Bruce free reign
1	Dope Dope CD, I liked it, some phat beats and lyrics, everyone does a good job on this CD. Didnt like I couple of songs, but apart from that I loved this
0	Don't get your hopes up I was very excited when I finally received this CD because of all of the great reviews. I listened to the first song- it was good. I listen to the third- it was okay. By the time I reached the very end, I realized all of the songs sounded the same except for one. The music is mostly composed of the traditional rock guitar with a combination of techno sounds. The melodies have been slightly changed, and some have a slower tempo than the originals. I don't mind any of these things. The problem I had was with their lack of a variety of different instruments and styles. All of the songs are semi-hard rock with techno sounds from late 80's music (I can't stand those cheesy saxophone sounds). I wish they added a few vocalists to the music, used a combination of styles, and not try to fill every second with a barrage of sounds. I suggest you buy a couple songs, but not waste your money on buying the whole CD
1	Pretty well as good as Innervisions Just a bit less evolved. The songs on this album are absolutely brilliant. With a wide range of styles, there's something on this album for everyone - only the songs You and I and You've Got It Bad Girl are anything less than fantastic, in fact. You Are The Sunshine Of My Life - very good, original song. Not his best, but still good. Maybe Your Baby - an awesome groove, nice synth bass, but maybe it goes on a bit too long. You And I - not a bad ballad, nowhere near as good as Blame It On The Sun, but has its own charm. Tuesday Heartbreak - very joyful sounding song. Good tension between the verses and chorus, great melodies throughout, and excellent drums. You've Got It Bad Girl - a bit jazzy experimental. Not bad. Superstition - Good dance tune, very funky, with a powerful horn riff that Peter Gabriel would later rip off in 'Sledgehammer'. Big Brother - awesome clavinet tune, angry lyrics, nice melody. Blame It On The Sun - this is one of the best ballads, written, ever! Really. He does this kind of ballad on every album, but this is the best of them, with a soaring (or wailing) verse that slides into an emotional chorus. Lookin' For Another Pure Love - very original music, freestyle melody. I Believe (When I Fall In Love It Will Be Forever) - this is a real triumph, this is everything a song should be, with an awesome chorus that repeats 10 times at the end and you're not getting tired of it.
0	No impact I'll probably never run out of music to discover. It seems that no matter how many stones I turn, no matter how exhaustive my search is, there will always be atleast a few gems I'd somehow overlooked. For me, XTC are one of those gems. I picked up Black Sea at the local record shop and it completely knocked me out. Maybe it was those huge drums, or the way everything felt like it was pulling apart at the seams. Regardless of what it was, I had to have more. Over the course of the next few weeks I proceeded to buy Drums and Wire followed by English settlement. Again, both were completely stellar albums, especially D & W. Then there was Skylarking. It was supposed to be THE XTC album, their masterpiece. People compared it to the likes of Pet sounds and proclaimed it one of the best albums of all time. I'm sad to say it didn't live up to the hype for me. In fact, I find it to be downright mediocre. For me this is where they dropped the ball and failed to pick it back up. I'll admit that I miss the more raw, punk like energy that was found in early XTC, but that's not why I dislike this album. I actually enjoy alot of mellow, lavishly produced music, but Skylarking just sounds...bland. None of the songs seem to stand out and the production is borderline soft rock. Every time I listen I hear less of what made me love XTC in the first place and more of why I can't stand Phil Colins. Even the songwriting itself is weak, lacking strong hooks and any sort of weight to help the music rise out of the syrupy muck that Todd Rundgren laid out. I just don't see what all the fuss is about.
1	Country Music Superstar Martina McBride delivers a Traditional Country Music Vocal Performance on her latest CD Martina McBride "Timeless." Martina McBride covers Lynn Anderson song "(I Never Promised You A) Rose Garden" on her latest CD Martina McBride "Timeless." Martina McBride is a Country music pioneer in her own class
1	Love this cd! This is my favorite cd of Vanessa-Mae's, and definitely the one you should buy first. The pop/techno arrangements are very good, not cheesy and dated sounding like those on The Violin Player. A must-have for anyone who enjoys the classical crossover genre
0	2 dollar whore with a three dollar hairkut This is the perfect example of why black women and women in general are disrespected. Lil kim is teaching generations of women to be nasty as you can be and to disrespect yourself. Then to top all of this off she is still hanging on the coat tails of biggie, the ultra fantasy gangsta rapper. Queen latifah never had to talk like this to get her name out or to make good music. This is ridiculous! Kim would be better off in a porn movie than in the rap game. Please please please spare us and stop rapping
1	If you're going to own one hardcore record this would be it!! This is one of the best collections of any band ever compiled! Comes with the classics by Keith and Gregg Ginn that put, black flag on the map! You just can't go wrong with the quick yet catchy songs that just stay in your head all day long. Fix Me and Wasted are a quick blur and that's how punk songs should be. Not some sort of Opera rock that goes on for nine and a half minutes long... Six Pack was always a funny song to sing along. "What are we gonna do!?! the t.v. is broken!!! OH NO we're gonna miss our favorite shows!!" "my girlfriend asked me which i liked better i hope she doesn't leave me" It's kinda of a two for one album when you listen to it because both vocalist brought their own style to the band. Find out what the fuss is over this band and pick up a classic comp!
0	NOT WHAT I EXPECTED I was thinking along the lines of the daughter father duo of Nat King Cole and daughter. This was some what not up to what I was looking for. Skip it
1	Flyleaf is so awesome!!! I bought their EP CD yesterday, I was going to buy their full album but I didn't have enough money and then I saw the EP CD was cheaper, so I just had to buy it. I liked FlyLeaf before I had their CD because I knew the songs "I'm so sick" and "Fullyalive" I've seen, the Fully Alive video on Sky Angel (A Christian Channel) before, and the video is awesome! I love all the songs on this cd, my favorite is of course "Fully Alive" and "Red Sam", and "I'm so sick", I love all of the songs though, I can't wait to buy their full CD next time, knowing me I will always love listening to their cd! I LOVE this band, they are better than Evanescence! I HIGHLY recommend that you buy this CD, and the debut CD! I can't wait til their next CD comes out! And Lacey Mosley, does really good in her singing and she can yell in the songs too, she's awesome! FLY LEAF ROCKS
0	clapton suck Layla is one of the most overrated songs of all time. Cream is one of the most boring bands in history. Why not do yourself a favour and buy enjoyable bands like Dire Straits, and Metallica who rock. PS.This Clapton compilation has no good songs so please don't buy it at all
0	This album is terrible I didn't like Keep Right album at all and i was very disappointed.
0	R.I.P. COBAIN!!!!!! One of the worst albums of all time from one of the worst bands of all time. That's all I have to say..
0	WTF???????!!!!!!! This is PT worst album made. Every track on this album is bad! Lame lyrics, awful beats and there in no decent guests on this album. Murda man was a awful diss track to Lil Jon, PT has lost his game thats all. Also I wanna why PT has the beef with lil jon anyway. If you want so good albums get Trill by Bun B, Ghetto Bill Gates by Master P.
0	poppers folly This CD had the makings of a great recording. The problem was telling Popper where they were performing!Butch,please record another one but leave Popper at home.He's full of a lot of things,but TALENT isn't one of them
0	"Bill" is The Man I Knew-Smokey Robinson, R&B at it's Best The old timers like me back in the inner cities where Smokey and the Miracles orginally put their stake down in Motown and R&B royalty, used to call him Bill Smokey Robinson. Whenever I meet someone who recalls the days back in the early to mid sixties when the black transistor made in Japan radios were blaring down the New York City school hallways playing The Tracks of my Tears, Shop Around, OOO Baby Baby (which brings back memories of my first interacial slow dance in the Junior High School gym) and the Tears of a Clown, all selections being on The Ultimate Collection~Smokey Robinson and the Miracles, I know that my buddy remembers Smokey's spindly aura on the stage and his silky smoooth and relaxed delivery. I apologize to my readers for run on sentences but Smokey requires such detailed explanation as a legendary contributor to soul, R&B and the Motown wall of sound (they had one too) that my effusive and continuing acclamation of this cherished and enormously loved performer is understated. I heard that Smokey recently brought his performance to Flint, Michigan or maybe some other backyard town in auto country. I really wish that I could have been there to see Smokey put out before a hometown crowd. That must have been nothing short of a miracle. I am going to hit the click button now myself, I need to hear again the sounds that captivated all of us when we walked down the hallways in Junior High with the made in Japans, fingerpopping all the way. Please note, I meant to push 5 stars on this CD and cannot figure out how to correct the above. I apoligize for any misunderstanding however everybody who has ever been touched by Smokey's music probably realized this faux pas. Jay Adler, Massapequa, New Yor
0	But seriously....this is garbage SAD THAT PHIL WENT THE WAY OF POP DIVA...HORRIBLE...MAKES ALL PROGRESSIVE FANS CRINGE...SHOULD MAKE ALL MUSIC FANS CRINGE
0	The End of Jennifer Lopez Wow. I didn't know music could get this bad. I just didn't. No words can describe how awful this CD is, but criticizing it is too easy. Let me list the reasons why you should not buy this travesty of an album (even the word "album" is used loosely - at best, this collection resembles a group of theme songs from various C-Grade Telenovela series): 1. THE VOICE : There is no voice. Granted, JLO was never known for her vocal ability, but having taken vocal lessons and practice from husband Marc Antony, one would think she would sound better, but NO. If anything, Jennifers' weak voice is showcased as being even more weak as she literally whines her way through over an hour of the most godawful caterwauling ever heard this side of the Nanjing Massacre. 2. THE MUSIC : There is no music. The first single "Que Hiciste" has some Spanish sounding instruments thrown in for that "authentic Mexican experience" (yeah, right), but from then on out, its one disgusting ballad after the other. There is no melody, and at one point, I was wishing that SOME poor B-side from her "On the 6" album would pop up to put me out of my misery. Let it be clear - the music on this is non-existent, and Im not just saying that for effect. 3. THE ACCENT: JLO is not a genuine native Spanish speaker, but she has definitely worked on her accent. However, its a bit sad when Beyonce's new Spanish version of "Irreplaceable" sounds more authentic than anything on this godforsaken CD. Jennifer sounds very forced and gimmicky here, enunciating her Rs and Ts with gusto and a very misplaced conviction. The efforts only lead to what one can call an overwhelming sense of underwhelmingness (the term has come into existence upon the release of this CD) Jennifer, what went wrong? You had the best producers (though, when you think of it, Marc Antony's only claim to fame in the US is his horrendous "You Sang to Me") and enough moolah to pull this off. Inexcusable. More than that, it proves that the global Spanish revolution that sort of began in the late 90s with the Ricky Martin craze, is definitely over. Jennifer is done with, and when I start respecting her lesser, more vapid counterparts such as Thalia, its a sad day indeed. True Spanish language albums have CLASS stamped upon them - the only shining example of this is 'Fijacion Oral Vol 1' by our girl Shakira. This album still gives me goosebumps two years past its' release. 'Coma Ama Una Mujer' is a failed effort for all concerned. And if you respect music and your money, you will definitely need to look elsewhere for fulfilment. Vaya con dios, JL
0	Very pretty, somewhat boring This recording of the new works by Theofanidis and Higdon is first rate. Great performances, and nice to hear along side the Copland, which stands out as the real masterpiece. Mind you, Theofanidis and Higdon are obviously really talented composers. I like new music. I like beautiful music. And I don't usually mind if the new music I hear is beautiful or ugly, has a tune, or not. What matters is that I am pulled in, and not lulled in with cliches or pandering. The Theofanidis seemed to be much more interesting to listen to than the Higdon. His sense of orchestral color is very strong. But overall, their music is very pretty, and somewhat boring. Get this to hear that great Copland: it is the piece that on this CD that pulls you in to listen. I know this piece is not the new piece on the CD, but it really stands the test of time against the more recent works
