1	My Favorite &quot;Nearly Unknown&quot; Show A great show makes a great CD. I will never understand why this show didn't become a hit! I saw this show at a local amateur theater and have loved it ever since. Maltby and Shire are the best composer and lyricists to never have a successful B'way show. This score is great- Fatherhood Blues, I Want It All, The Story Goes On, The Ladies Singing Their Song- These are unforgetable and deserved to be heard. Get this gem
1	A Wonderful collection of haunting songs. ''Under A Violet Moon'' is a great CD for any Blackmore's Night fan. Lady Candice's voice is eerily haunting, yet comforting as well. Ritchie's miraculous guitar playing is perfectly blended with his wife's voice. A beautiful Masterpiece
0	Hillbilly What? ok, I bought this cd and it gets 2 stars one each for the songs "Believe" and "I'm Building Bridges". The other songs are horrible. Ronnie is the lead vocalist for a VERY good reason! They were very smart to get Vince Gill(the best!)to do background vocals on Bridge's. Save your money or you too will be adding this one to your yard sale!
1	38 Special stomps! the guys in this band have a sound with size-12 shoes. if you like this band, I suggest you try the Allman Bros., Lynyrd Skynyrd, and Creedence Clearwater Revival. standout tracks are Rockin Into the Night, Hold On Loosely, Wild-eyed Southern Boys, Fantasy Girl, Caught Up In You, If I'd Been The One, Back Where You Belong, and Like No Other Night. the question is: where is this band? it's awesome. they need to make a comeback.
0	repeat offender in the series that promises extended versions This time around, we get a fair amount of 7" versions and edits. Track times: 1. Born to be Alive (6:05) (12" edit) 2. rock your baby (6:26) 3. you make me feel mighty real (5:29) 4. don't leave me this way (5:43) 5. macho man (5:14) 6. in the bush (3:35) (7") 7. hot shot (3:34) (7") 8. bad girls (4:59) (album version) 9. he's the greatest dancer (6:15) 10. planet rock (6:24) 11. swearin to god (4:04) 12. this time baby (5:53)(edit
1	Holy Cow! I got this cd almost exactly a year after hearing &quot;Not Pretty Enough&quot; on a sampler cd I got from purchasing a present for someone. I immediatly fell in love with the song, mainly because it put my feelings into words about someone. After listening to the one song for a year, my boyfriend finally got me Barricades and Brickwalls for christmas. It's awesome, and I'm listening to it now! Her voice is amazing, with a touch of breathiness that adds to the overall effect. The lyrics are another thing, so thoughtfully written out and sung from her own heart. She actually wrote the songs herself. I've never been a country fan, but the cd is making me change my view (very slowly!). I love this girl
0	Buddha Bar VIII You have Ike Turner and the King of Rhythm as artists for Buddha Bar VIII? If I were to buy this CD? would this be accurate artists? I would suggest Amazon check their data base
1	Ultimate Dolly Parton CD I am very pleased with this CD and I received it quickly. Recommend this seller highly.
1	Revs This is an excellent CD! I honestly can't listen to the CD enough. I've had friends listen to the CD who aren't even interested in any sort of Celtic or instrumental music and they also raved over it. McGoldrick needs to put out another one
0	Pull my finger... See above for reviews that pinpoint some of the problems with this album. Production quality (or uniquely bad production choices), lack of musical enthusiasm, appalling lack of catchy tunes or lyrics from a band I thought had true capabiities --pick the flaw that bugs you the most. Any way you slice it this album is a stinker. Better luck next time CYHSY. (Your first album was gold.) Consumers: make sure to listen to those samples before you buy this one. If you are looking for more great songs like the ones on their first effort then this isn't it. I'm convinced that the band knew what they had made this time around and that the title, "Some Loud Thunder," must be a witty, veiled reference to flatulence.
1	Shock and Awe I feel like such a fool! This album is 6 years old and I heard it for the first time a few weeks ago. What's more, I've since asked several of my friends who also love neo-soul music if they've heard it, and may of them didn't even know WHO I was talking about. That is a crime, because this album is fantastic. Fantastic, I say. It's one of those albums where I did not have to look at the album credits to see who wrote and produced the songs. It's obvious from how his voice perfectly compliments the music that his is not simply the voice chosen to sing these songs that someone else wrote. This is what I appreciate most about the Neo-soul genre; the tendency for the artists who perform the music to be more than just singers. They are musicians. (This is what is so frustrating about Brian McKnight, incidentally. He is a musician, but still refuses to sing in his vocal range. Many of the songs that he has written for himself are too high for him! That just shouldn't be) In any case, go get this album if you like good music
1	takes you back all college students should watch st. elmos fire and all 80's babies should get the soundtrack to remind them the good ol days
0	Going, Going, Gone ...and forgotten. Raw and ragged. Cliche-ridden. I consider albums like "Highway 61 Revisited", "Bringing It All Back Home", "Blonde on Blonde", "Blood on the Tracks" and hell, even "The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan" as worthy of five stars. Sorry, but this is just not in the same class or anywhere near those masterpieces. Those albums are deemed 'classics' for a reason. That said, I'm not at all a fan of the Band or many of Dylan's love songs so please take these things into consideration when contemplating the worth of both this review and this album
0	The highest of the highest Shlomo has become the heart and soul of Jewish music, even in the synagogue. His melodies are now 'davvaned' in places which once cursed him. He was without question a musical genius whose depth of soul is reflected in every note and word he sings. In this early music one can already hear that longing, that love which so touches the listener. His voice is not great, but the feeling it conveys goes well beyond what is ordinarily given in most singing. He has the holy in him, the nearness to and longing for G-d. And he conveys that to us, so sweetly, so beautifully. Oy heilegen Shlomo what would we do without your music?
0	Disappointment This CD Was uttely boring it sounded like Dianne didn't even care that she was singing. It was a disappointment to me becuase she usually is pretty excting. I felt like she didn't do enough to make this CD perfect. I mean if it was just a regualar person putting out their very first CD, it wouldn't sound like this, becuase it wouldn't sell! Okay so, I have to give it 2 stars becuase at times it sounds relazing and nice, but then I think that every Christmas CD should be as excting as Christmas really is
1	A Must The Crusaders Sound Great on this Disc.The Music&amp;Arrangements work very well all the way thru.The Grooves&amp;Smoothness make this Recording very Complete.this Group has been Bad for so long
1	What FLA should be Only gay song here is Victim of a Criminal. Everything else makes for a complete album with some real winners like Liquid Separation, Plasma Springs, Sex Offender, and This Faith. In my opinion the essence of FLA lies in Gashed Senses & Crossfire, State of Mind and TNI, but Millennium is just a killer cd regardless of who put it out. If you're new to FLA and this is the only one you have heard and you like the style then you might not like other FLA before this release. I think they tried to evolve Millennium into later releases but failed. Its one of those cd's so good it was probably an accident. :
0	A band between trains From the live disc, Astronomy Domine is the strongest selection but is marred by a poor original recording and thoughtless transfer to disc. The bass track is almost nonexistent robbing this song of its thunder. The other three tracks are good, not great, performances of what are perhaps their first important post-Syd Barret compositions. They are definitely not the band they used to be. The studio disc is a mess. The first part of David Gilmour's suite is the best bit, some nice blues guitar. Like disc one, disc two sounds muddy. My overall impression is that the band was in the process of just starting to grow out of their psychedelic jam band britches but hadn't yet figured out what to put on next. Live disc=3 stars; Studio disc=1 star; Net rating=2 stars
0	No fun! I can not believe this is marketed as a karaoke CD! This is just a regular music CD with the lyrics inside the package. The lyrics do NOT show up on the TV screen when put into the karaoke machine. No fun at all if you have to hold the microphone with one hand the the lyrics in another, under good light because the type is so small!!!! Oh yeah, great fun for a 6 year old.....NOT!!
1	Reeves at his best If you are tired of the usual guitar playing, with all its already extremely used ways, but don't want to give up listening rock'n'roll, you really should get this album. Not only a guitar player, but also a songwriter growing after each work, he can give you rock at the best level, and at the same time showing something new, that will not sound strange to your years. That's a difficult task you have to admit. And if you think that this is all, you should get his last online album &quot; Ulysses (della notte)&quot; even better than this
0	I hope the islands don't lack the soul this CD does. Completely disappointed. No soul, no tradition. Save your money unless you're into UB40 and synthesized reggae...ugh. It is all to obvious why there are no samples of this CD on the web page. I took one for the team...buyer beware. SUPPORT LOCAL MUSIC
0	Awful mastering muddies up a truly great album You'll see other postings here that discuss the details of what Capitol's engineer did on this 1998 release to reduce hiss, etc. Believe it. Compared to the 1991 version of the disc or the better Mobile Fidelity gold disc (1990) this version is awful. It's like a bucket of mud was dumped over his vocals. There are a bunch of threads on this topic on the forums of Steve Hoffman, one of the best sound engineers in the business. But the bottom line is most people who care about this music would like to see Capitol go back to the original master tapes and treat Frank right. The mastering issues apply to a lot of the 1998 Sinatra discs labeled "Entertainer of the Century" on the side
0	Surprised I wanted to give this CD as a gift to my 7 year old niece who loves the movie. I listened to it first to make sure the quality was good. I was so surprised when all I heard was music and no words. Although the music is nice, I know she would not be too impressed. We had seen the movie together and we loved Mr. Ray's song and wanted to know the words. It's too bad that I'll have to return or sell it
1	Good Stuff, Great Sound Very nice collection of mid to late 60's top 40 tracks. First time true stereo on "Love Is All Around" and "Whiter Shade Of Pale", and even the ones you may have already sound better than ever. I might have left off "Keep On Dancing" for something that hasn't popped up on a dozen other compilations, but that's a minor gripe. I don't think that any oldies collector will be disappointed with this CD. Like the other guy said, just buy it.
0	No Why Ruben Ruben Did Not Do This Song Justice. If You Are Going To Cover A Song You Better Do A Better Job Then The Origal. If You What To Hear Flying Without Wings Song Like It Should Be Check Out Westlife
1	Looking for more like this album? Melanie White and other reviewers have wondered what else out there might be similar to "Appalachia Waltz." I highly recommend Oliver Schroer's double-disc "O2". Same fusion of folk fiddle idiom and classical violin. In places astoundingly brilliant. Lovers of Bach will see many influences here (yet I wouldn't call Schroer's work derivative.) In the liner notes, Schroer talks about making his work not just polyphonic but also fractal--funny thing is, the more you listen, the more "fractal" it sounds. Unbelievable.
1	Great Disc! I remember that I had the Lifetime on cassette 20 years ago and never grew tired of it. I have always been a big Holdsworth fan and he really shines on this stuff. The second half of the cd I had not heard before and was disapointed that it had taken me so long to discover these tracks. Fantastic stuff A must if you are a fan of either Tony Williams or Alan Holdswort
1	Macerating metal noise fired by sheer punk genius I bought this album when I was 17. I'm now 31 and I still haven't recovered! This album, as said before, represents the indie punk ideal only feinted at by Nirvana, Sonic Youth etc. Steve Albini and co assault you here with a white-hot mind-melting onslaught of musical savagery, from the beserk guitar-driven Colombian Necktie through the nosebleed-inducing Pavement Saw to the juddering, sinister colossus of Tiny, King of the Jews. Sheer uncompromising overbuilt punk, this represents Big Black at their zenith. With bands like this in the world there's no excuse for mediocrity
0	Wanted: For wack rhymes!!!!!!! I'm sorry but children that try to rap are just horrible. They are just a gimmick like the old school r and b artists that would come out called teeny boppers. I guess this lil one wants to be a "hip hop teeny bopper". Well guess what? You don't get teeny bopper reviews, you get grown up one's. Please stop rapping and go to college (or work as a mechanic) like a normal kid should
0	Average I only liked one song on the CD - all others were just average
1	Supurb and Deserving Tribute I'm also 33 years old but my parents actually had the LP of this great album. (What's a CD?) However it's been collecting dust for 25 years since it's too worn out to listen to. Plus, where is that darned old record player anyway! After recently acquiring this LP on CD, trust me, you'll be glad to hear this fine &quot;tribute to the best&quot; in true 21st century hi-fi sound (CD quality). Oh yeah, the songs are all good to, but I've loved this album since the '70s. Ahh Haa
0	Buyer beware Just be sure to read up on this closely... it's not the orchestra you hear in the movie, and you may be especially disappointed when you hear the vocal tracts - gone are great talents Enya and Annie Lennox, replaced by no-name voices. This is not BAD music, but don't think you're a genius for capturing the music of the movies on one inexpensive 2-CD set
