0	Yea Great to See 2 Kickboxer Films at once, unless they 1&amp;2 Yea it is great to see 2 Kickboxer films on the same casette if its only 1 and 2,if you wanna see any Kickboxer films, get 1 and 2, not the worst ones, 3 and 4.Get 1 and
1	Requires Active Viewing Participation This is a singular masterpiece in film making but totally unlike anything, even for it's day. By today's attention deficit disorder standards, this film is really really odd. But no doubt it is a masterpiece if the viewer is willing to put the effort in to catch all the nuances because this is a film of nothing but nuances. Tati himself is just one of many participants. There is a plot of sorts dealing with a group of female American tourists and the one women who is the odd duck among them. She meets Tati and they spend the night together dancing at a night club and see in the dawn at a coffee shop. Various bits of business are constantly swirling around them and you could view this picture 10 times before seeing everything. There are many jokes but they are gentle visual puns. Don't expect belly laughs, just a wry but amazing view on modern life. As is standard practice for Criterian these days the extras on disc two are spectacular. The documentaries on Tati's life and this film are brilliant and helped me understand his art and this film much better. A gentle film with brilliant use of wide screen (this film would make no sense pan and scan) you need to fall into the picture to enjoy it. But there is an endless wealth of material to enjoy
1	A must-have and must-see If I had to choose ONE movie to show and teach students the secrets of great actors-directing, it would be this one. The destiny of Peter Bogdanovich is amazing: celebrated as one of the world's best directors in the early 70s, he fell into disgrace because of private problems in the 80s, and rarely got a chance to direct anymore except for TV. Somehow it reminds me of the destiny of Wim Wenders, also celebrated as the new big thing in the 70s, and much disregarded today. Both judgements were excessive. They probably weren't the best directors in the world in the 70s - but surely aren't the worst today. This movie is a little, much under-rated and overlooked, certainly humble and understated gem. Bogdanovich shows here what it means to direct actors in a way that enhances their performances and brings out deep emotions. This is not a superficial movie. Instead, it is one that bears repeated viewings. And it has much of what life has: truth, emotions, changes. I especially like the ending. It seems to get back to the beginning, but it's not. Somehow, everything is there, but everything has changed forever. It's a happy ending, but bittersweet too. And like real life, it goes on, on a road where you can't follow, just like those friends you had and never met again, or just like your past memories. I've been waiting for a decade to get a dvd of this movie. And I bought it immediately as it came out, because it is really unsure that they may ever reprint this once the first bunch is gone. So get it, don't miss it, this is the best advice I can give. Don't miss the experience of this movie. This is no special fx movie. This is actors cinema at its best. Something rare
1	The Jazz Singer & Neil Diamond ROCK! This review is for my wife, Marilyn, as our wedding song came from it: I was a senior in high school when this movie first hit the theaters and I loved it then and I love it now. Yes, the acting is a bit hammy by Laurence Olivier who was attempting to appease the Jewish population after giving an Oscar-nominated performance a year or so before for playing with great relish a vicious Nazi who tortures, via dentist equipment, Dustin Hoffman in "The Marathon Man." Can anyone forget his famous line from that film, "Is it safe?" In addition, Lucie Arnez is no great actress, but what she lacks in talent she makes up for in her charming honest portrayal as Diamond's compassionate agent. Lastly, Neil Diamond is certainly no great actor either, no matter how much I love him as musician and entertainer, but this movie somehow works despite these noted flaws and some rather amateurish direction by Richard Fleicher. Perhaps the movie succeeds because the plot is as timeless as Hollywood gets. We all love to experience someone achieving his or her goals and that's why these kinds of movies withstand the test of time even when the critics blast them. Consider the following: While Olivier hams it up a bit, he is still great to watch and demands your respect. Lucie Arnez is disarmingly charming in her role as an agent trying to help someone she believes in, but also trying not to be caught up in her client's personal life. Of course, Neil Diamond is no actor, but he is pleasing to watch and he's certainly believable in a role that he was destined to play as it mirrors his own story quite a bit; he came from a family of dentists and was expected to be one also, but he dropped out in his last semester and hit the road with a backpack and his guitar --the rest is history. Lastly, the music is awesome. Diamond was at the height of his career musically when he did this film and the soundtrack produced 3 #1 songs and was one of Billboard's longest running soundtrack best-sellers. This was no fluke as Diamond had already won praise for his song "Be" from the film "Jonathan Livingston Seagull." He knows how to write music for films and I wish he had more opportunities to do so. While the movie wasn't necessarily "a hit," but it did find a substantial audience and made a good profit. Something about it made it work even though it is admittedly flawed. It went on to greater success on VHS and DVD and this new addition will probably sell just as well or better with the improved sound clarity that the other releases seriously lacked. I was happy to read here that I wasn't the only one turning up the volume for the dialogue and lower it for the music segments. That drove me nuts in the earlier releases. Moving along, although I am Christian, I grew up in a mostly Jewish section in Brooklyn, New York, in fact, not far from where Diamond and Streisand actually grew up. My home was near Diamond's high school. Anyhow, between that and having dated a wonderful Jewish girl most of my high school days I grew to appreciate the Jewish faith and culture. My neighborhood local theater re-released this film numerous times and I went to see it each time they played it. It was the first movie I took my wife to see back in April of 1983 and she loved it and cried at the end as many in the theater did. The #1 song "Hello Again" went on to become "our song" and the one we danced to at our wedding as your spouse should also be your best friend and that's what the song is about and even the movie as well to some degree as Diamond's wife in the film never shared his interests or desires although she was aware of them since they were little kids growing up in the same neighborhood. She kept crying how he had changed when he became a pop-rock star when in reality his desires had simply come true. All she ever attempted to do in the film was either hold him back or ignore his dreams and a spouse should never do either of those. Having said all this it is obvious that my love for Diamond's music, Hollywoods tireless theme of success against the odds, watching any performance by the great Olivier, and sharing this film with the woman I would eventually spend the next 24 years of my life with make me a bias reviewer here. I concede that observation, but still contend that in spite of this film's obvious flaws, it is still great entertainment. Enjoy this classic
1	A lot of loose ends... Up until today, I would have given this wonderful movie, which we watched in my Spanish class, 5+ stars. But I did not at all like the ending; it very much ruined it for me. I'm a person who needs closure. Yes, this was a movie demonstrating a tragic topic and should be sad. But that was just cruel, to end with the poor little girl singing about how she's so lost. We don't know her fate. I also felt that Roberto was a sort of villainized character. He had a point about Gaby having to lose another mother. I hope that Alicia, when she left, was going to get Gaby. What I would like to know is what they decided to do with Sara, her possible grandmother. Again, I need closure! I was expecting a depressing ending, but not to be left hanging like this! Arghhhhh. I also had a problem with Gaby's having been born in captivity. It makes that scene where the little boys suddenly burst into her room kind of pointless; it's meaningful, powerful, and was one of my favorite scenes untiL I realized she was just startled. I guess it still has meaning, but, I dunno. Just my being nitpicky, I guess. I also want to know who Pedro was. Also, what Gaby's possible parents did that got them arrested. I realize that it could have been something very minor, but it would be nice to know. For all I know they all could have been gun-toting revolutionaries. Overall though, it was a wonderful movie and I am considering buying it myself. I especially loved the scenes involving Las Madres y Abuelas de la Playa de Mayo. And the acting was fantastic. I just am bothered by all of these questions that are never answered
1	A real treat of a movie, and an important one, as well. The Firemen's Ball is one of a handful of Czech films that defined the &quot;New Wave&quot; era, and had a profound influence on filmmakers and critics around the world. Other important films of this period include Forman's &quot;Loves of a Blonde,&quot; Jiri Menzel's &quot;Closely Watched Trains,&quot; and &quot;Larks on a String&quot; (a Menzel film that hasn't been released on DVD, to my knowledge). But Firemen's Ball is a personal favorite, probably due to the fact that I lived in the Czech Republic for five years, and attended similar village balls. The characters in this wicked satire are portrayed with humor, affection and above all a level of realism that remains unsurpassed. In the end, Forman does what he does best -- he leaves you torn between laughter and tears. This film is a must-see, especially for those who are interested in understanding how filmmaking evolved in the 60s
1	Great! First off to all you 50 Cent haters who keep posting neg reviews for his items, you can all eat a motherf***** d*** in hell. Anyway I'm a big fan of 50 so I went to the cinema and saw this and it wasn't that bad. I reviewed Tupac's Resurrection a few days ago which I also enjoyed, but it's a documentary this is a real movie! Here is another rapper who started off living in the Ghetto hustling then went to rapstardom. If you like violent films than this is certainly for you, Like I said i'm a 50 Cent fan but you don't have to be a 50 Cent fan to enjoy this movie. It has music from the soundtrack played in it which is another thing you should checkout which is all great. Those of course weren't the songs he was singing back then but we all want to hear new 50. The film is like I said violent with course language, drug reference and sex scenes but it is very entertaining. I saw it twice at the cinema and now I think I will purchase the DVD and so should you. Awesome
0	Very Poor Presentation This could have been a very good documentary, but the video editing style made it unwatchable for me. The camera never stays on any subject for more than 5 seconds, film is sped up and slowed down for no apparent reason, and bright flashes of light with loud sound effects highlight the transition from scene to scene. The events surrounding 9/11 are fully capable of engaging my attention without this in-your-face style of presentation, which ironically dilutes the overall impact of the film
0	Frosty--5 stars, Frosty Returns-0 stars Frosty is a perfect classic as always. Great story and characters. But, boy Frosty Returns makes this one you should probably skip. First, the story and songs are weak. Second, Christmas isn't even mentioned. The directors have fallen for the left wing anti-Christmas agenda, resulting in the kids school having a "Winter Carnival" instead. Pathetic. The real Frosty would melt with anger.
1	Will film critics stop praising how glorious Tarantino is!!! Yes, this movie is awe-inspiring, awesome (I'm running out of adjectives here, lol) but will certain film critics (Roger Ebert I hope you read this) stop going around and saying how everything with dark humor, odd narrative, talky dialogue, etc., is Tarantino-esque?? Without Godard writing the blueprint on how to be a film essayist, there wouldn't be a Tarantino-esque (QT also owes a lot to Elmore Leonard, Scorsese, DePalma, and blaxploitation.). If I read one more review from overrated critic Ebert about how Tarantino paved the way for filmmakers that have a Godardian bite to their films, I might kill myself, lol He never says how great of an influence Godard had on Tarantino. Nor does any other critics say how Godard's "Breathless" created modern cinema. Its as though these critics totally ignored Godard's methods, and pretend geeks like Tarantino created them. Shame on you Ebert. That's like saying Christina Aguilera created that soulful yet high-scale histeronic singing she does, when Whitney Houston and Mariah Carey did it before her. Give people the credit they deserve
0	Plot is absurd; acting is fine So: alien civilizations with obviously vastly superior technology travel clear across the galaxy at speeds greater than the speed of light in order to--well, won't give the plot away, but trust me, they're not here to guests on Martha Stewart. And I find the plot, therefore, and all of these "aliens as terror sources" movies just--can I say this?--not fair to aliens! OK, I don't have an aluminum foil hat on, I just think its childish. Stephen Greer, MD's "Hidden Truth" book suggests that this is the sort of fare we are to get from Hollywood--no more friendly E.T. types, just constantly the message of terror from the skies. This trend in cinema about foreign visitors is now so consistent that it just makes movies like this dull and predictable. And how we eventually beat back the aliens in this movie? Oh, you don't want to know..
1	Talk About Values! Somew movies just have 'values' and the original The Four Feathers is one of them. FEATHERS is set in England and the Sudan about ten years after the Mahdi killed General Gordon. In fact, seeing Charlton Heston in Khartoum would be a good lead-in to 4 FEATHERS.The plot revolves around four friends, all young officers in the same regiment and all heirs to an aristocratic military tradition heavy on the memory of the Crimean War (see the original "Charge of the Light Brigade" film). Three men boldly go to the Sudan with General Kitchener's expedition. One chickens out and resigns his commission, losing the woman he loves in the process. To redeem himself, he goes to the Sudan on his own and must help his former comrades. The story is well-explained, well-paced and has great values of timing, editing, and direction. The technicolor and the score are both excellent. 4 FEATHERS is a cut above other British productions of the period in terms of technical quality! FEATHERS also exemplifies the best values of the Victorian UK upper class-- belief in country, honor, loyalty, heroism, and sacrifice. The remake is a pathetic immitation of this original, which did not need a remake, now or ever! A must-see and a great addition to any DVD collection
0	just not really funny If you aren't really into jokes about the difference between black/white, sex, drugs and how bad gays are this is not for you. I had seen other stuff by Pryor I always liked but this time I never once really laughed out loud. It was dissapointing, good thing he has so many other good stuf
0	WHAT A MOVIE one of the most powerful and disturbing movies i have ever seen. thank god for the canadians. i doubt this could have been made in america. but it was disturbing. i grew to literally hate some of the people in thia movie and had to shake off what i felt when they found it was time to pay the piper. this should be required watching for all straight people. maybe then they would figure out that pediphiles are not gay. there is a vast difference between gay males and pedophiles. anyway, i can not recommend this movie strongly enough. the acting and the group of people who directed and produced this movie were very brave in doing so. this is a taboo subject in the u.s. once again, thanks to the canadians and the european's who DO make this type of movie. gary in az
1	Do The Hustle: Newman Makes Fast Eddie Felson A Hollywood Legend Let's face it, what can I possibly say about Robert Rossen's exquisitely hard-edged classic that hasn't been said before? "The Hustler" is an astounding and uncompromising drama that seems as fresh today as it did 45 years ago. So often we'll look back at the classics--and, as is appropriate, they might seem dated. Times change and that is reflected in cinema. "The Hustler," though, is one of the rare films that was so sophisticated, so intelligent, and so honestly raw--that its power has not been diminished by the years. Set in a very unglamorous world of pool halls and back rooms, "The Hustler" is a testosterone fueled excursion into the life and pursuits of one of Hollywood's most notorious anti-heroes--Fast Eddie Felson. Nominated for eight Oscars, this refreshingly adult film cemented Paul Newman's status as one of our greatest actors. The story of "The Hustler" is surprisingly simplistic. A brash young pool shark sets his sights on defeating one of the game's greatest players--Minnesota Fats (Jackie Gleason, at his best). But getting up on Fats isn't enough--no, he wants to crush his opponent. Eddie's naked and uncompromising drive eventually becomes his undoing as his winning streak turns to defeat. Despondent and broke, Eddie aligns with an equally desperate love interest. Sarah, played by Piper Laurie (never better), is a bitter alcoholic who has given up on life. But her complicated romance with Eddie seems to hint at the possibility of new hope. Eddie, however, can't change his spots overnight and an encounter with an unscrupulous manager (George C. Scott) just might get Eddie a second chance at Fats. For good or for bad, it seems Eddie is destined to go down that road again. Paul Newman imbues Eddie with much cockiness, bravado, arrogance, ambition, and even desperation. In my opinion, it is Newman's best and most multi-layered performance. This (along with "Hud") celebrated Newman as a new type of leading man--someone you could like and despise at once. Morally questionable, perhaps even amoral at times, Newman was not afraid to be despicable. While only Oscar nominated for this film, ironically he won roughly 25 years later for reprising Eddie for "The Color of Money." Laurie, Scott, and Gleason all picked up Oscar nods as well. The film is impeccably acted and beautifully filmed. Not just for those with an interest in pool, "The Hustler" is a searing drama that stands as a deft character study of a man figuring out what is important after all. While the Collector's Edition seems to be handsomely packaged as a two disc set, whether or not it's worth the upgrade from the Special Edition seems a bit suspect. Both have widescreen presentation, commentary from Newman and "Time" film critic Richard Schickel (among others), and features on "How to Make The Shot" and "The Hustler: The Inside Story." This new addition adds four featurettes--"Life in the Fast Lane: Fast Eddie Felson and The Search for Greatness," "Milestones in Cinema History: The Making of The Hustler," "Swimming with Sharks: The Art of the Hustle," and "Paul Newman: Hollywood's Cool Hand." So it's a judgment call whether or not you feel these extra shorts will add to your viewing experience. If you don't own the film, then it's a no-brainer! Either way, "The Hustler" is a true classic. One of Newman's best (if not best) performances make this gritty and timeless drama a must own DVD. KGHarris, 04/07
0	A Big Waste Of Time!!!! I loved the original movie, and I love Johnny Depp so I thought this movie would be awesome.Wrong wrong wrong!! First of all, the child actors were horrible, well the Charlie and Mike characters were ok, but the two girl actors were the worst I've seen in a long time. And what did they do to Johnny Depp? He was so creepy and weird. I took my nine year old to see it in the theater, and even she almost fell asleep. If you really want a treat watch the original with Gene Wilder
0	The Star Wars Trilogy... NOT These are not the original theatrical realeases. In addition to the changes made in the special edition versions of the films, American Cinematographer noted in their review of the DVD release that they had gone so far as to change the color-timing of the transfer so that the color scheme more closely resembled the more recent prequels. Though they are an impressive technical achievement, I'll be buying the academy award winning films that I saw when I was younger
0	I am a carebear fanatic BUT... ...I will have to shoot myself if I am forced to watch this again. The animations are very annoying, the court jesterish feel is very annoying and the portrayal of Funshine Bear (my favorite) as a pre-teenaged boy jokester is NOT my idea of what carebears is about. I was NOT impressed with this movie
0	Fairy tale movie Both versions are pretty much the same quality, only one is B&W and the other in color. I can't think of a more childish or ridiculous story as this one. It's embarrassing even to tell it here. On a humoristic level I could stand it (like the Marx Brothers films), but this story is told seriously. The characters read their parts of the script, they don't interpret it, because it's impossible to be natural with such lines. Maybe some kid would like this film today; I doubt it
1	mission impossible tv series Anyone who has seen the mi films will not be disapointed with this series and it isnt about bike chases car chases blowing things up all the time etc it is about careful srtategic planning with gadgets or masks or by any other means to dupe the perpetrators involved in to believing something is really happening so the mi team can remove them to stop them being a threat to society. Each member has his own skills. I think you will enjoy this series it gets better as it goes on
1	More a tribute to 70's Steve Martin than Silvers Though based on the famous character in Phil Silver's famous oldie TV show, the new "Sergeant Bilko" is less an homage to that show than it is to the classic Steve Martin of his 1970's days. Though this Bilko (again a shifty and tireless grafter, the evil face of non-coms everywhere) is very much the opportunist that Silvers' character was (he runs the base casino), as shy of risk as Silvers was (the unit's mobilization orders for Desert Storm mysteriously disappeared) and manages to get caught in his own dealings as Silvers had (Bilko botches the fixing of an Army boxing match, unwittingly tricking each boxer to think he's the one who's supposed to take a fall) the screwball zaniness is very much out of Steve Martin's SNL days. The script has Bilko's unit charged with testing a brand new army weapon - a "hovertank" that is soon to be cancelled because, among other things, it simply doesn't work. That the hovertank's end will spell doom for his own cozy position doesn't seem to bother Bilko, mostly because he lives day-to-day. Things change when the officer charged with evaluating the hovertank turns out to be the fearsome Major Thorn (Phil Hartman). Years earlier, Bilko unwittingly made an enemy of Thorn by accidentally implicating him in one of his bitched schemes. Now a major, Thorne isn't simply content enough to eliminate the Hovertank, but must now axe Bilko as well. They say that desperate times reveal the man, and Bilko is now revealed to be the spineless weasel his troops have come to love. Martin plays Bilko like a character from one of his old SNL skits. It's sort of fun to watch the guy work on material we haven't seen since his more sedate days playing less zany funnymen ("LA Story", "Roxanne") and more mature dramatic roles ("The Spanish Prisoner", "Grand Canyon" and that update of "Silas Marner"). It's light and breezy and you'll probably forget most of the gags, and the script under-uses most of the supporting cast (especially the now late-great Phil Hartman as Bilko's evil nemesis), but it's still fun
0	a disappointment! I must agree with a few others on here that I was disappointed with this version of 'Peter Pan'. PROS: -Cathy Rigby's skill as an olympic gymnast really gave Peter a great element of athleticism. Great voice and fun actress. -Scenic design and set design all really nicely done, a bit predictable, but predictable is what an audience wants to see when they to to a production of 'Peter Pan' CONS: -The cuts! Like others have said, this production is totally rushed and they made some weird cuts. -The face value acting doesn't go deep enough into the characters. While all these performers are skilled individuals, I was not impressed with their acting. However, this could be partially the fault of the director as well. -The lip synching was a huuuuuuge disappointment! -I don't understand what the deal is with the adults playing lost boys. Yes, adult performers can often perform more sophisticated choreography, but a certain nostalgia and innocence is brought to the production when actual kids are invovled. With all that said, I think that kids would love this video. However, as a musical theatre student there are several shortcomings to this production overall. Nice musical, so-so interpretation. :
1	Gil Gerard is one fine slab of man! Ok, now that I got your attention... This is a great trip down memory lane for any of you Star Wars nuts that grew up in the late 70s/early 80s. Remembering how things were back in 1979, I can see how this show managed to captivate me. No internet, no video games, no cable, VHS, DVD... not a single luxury. Like Robinson Crusoe, as primitive as can be. We had nothing else. Even though as an eight year old, I knew this was kinda lame, it was an absolute godsend when there was only one TV in the house with a total of four channels. Anyhow, stream of consciouness bullet list: - First season is great cheese and hot chicks, second season is horrid. - This is what Star Trek would have been if Roddenberry had come around ten years later. - A Gil Gerard (circa 1979) versus William Shatner (circa 1969) stagefight would probably put me into a coma due to it's mind-blowing awesomeness. - Ahead of even the great Princess Leia and the not-quite-as-great Cassiopia, Colonel Deering and Princess Amadala are the two women who made me realize I was down with the ladies, if you catch my very blatant drift. Nothing surpirsing here, but Erin Gray was my first crush. - Twiki is not nearly as annoying as some stick-in-the-mud types would have you believe. His cheeseball comic relief works perfectly with Gil's cheeseball chest carpet and martial arts ability. - Every scene involving "dancing from the future" or previously referenced martial arts is twenty times more entertaining that anything in the history of "reality TV". - Hawk is not an interesting character, he is just the least crappy thing in a completely crappy second season. - There are no extras at all, pretty dissapointing given the price point and the target audience of sci-fi geeks who thrive on that kinda stuff In conclusion: I miss the days when Sci-Fi didn't have to beat you over the head and then strangle you with nothing but dread and darkness and doom. Buck Rogers takes place in post-apocolyptic, nuclear wasteland, mutants living in the desert, planet Earth... and it's still a hundred times less depressing than any of the cookie cutter sci-fi series plopped out in the last ten years. Of course, we are a much more critical society nowadays... plumped up on years of cable networks, easily accessible VHS/DVD movies and other competitors for our time. Long gone are the days of shows like this. Shows where everybody involved, audience included, knew it was escapist/fantasy crap but just went along and had fun with it. Gil Gerard is an absolute joy to watch just because you always knew he was in on the joke (at least during the first season). Everybody takes themselves too seriously nowadays, especially Sci-Fi. The new Battlestar series is so painfully self-aware it's basically a soap-opera that happens to be in space. Anyhoo... If are a male sci-fi fan who was between the ages of let's say... 6 to 12... when this series made it's run, go out and buy it. For better or worse, Buck Rogers took me back to the late 70s much more effectively than Star Wars or Battlestar. 4/5 only due to the complete lack of extra
1	Jack's Best Work I can't remember when I saw this one on the big screen. It was not long after Easy Rider and we had the idea that this Jack Nicholson had something to say to our 60's-70's counter-culture. He did have something to say with some of the sharpest acting I had ever seen. He out-classed the James Dean's and Marlon Brando's, but not with ease. Jack was workin' hard, switching from depressed concert pianist to hillbilly good time dude to misunderstood Romeo in five-minute intervals. No, make that changeable temperament every five seconds, truly an artistic milestone. Throw in an equally magnificent portrayal by Karen Black, sexy and hillbilly; Jessica Simpson, eat your heart out, and you have the couple of the year, 1970. Jack's father is one of those evil patriarch's that hurt their kids bad, pushing them to greatness without an ounce of love. Consequently, the siblings are brilliant and eccentric. The daughter is a frumpy dope. The older son is a violinist with a neck injury, and then there's handsome Jack, shiftless, moving from bed to bed, crossing the country, a boozing bum. Back in the Vietnam years there was an examination of bourgeois life. Did we have to get a job and get married? Was everyone in a particular cubbyhole, mail in the funeral? Hence, we had the counter-culture, drugs, long haired hippies, sexual openness, and shiftless lifestyles. Bob Rafelson's film gives you that, but mercifully, with subtly. That last scene at the gas station says it all. I think directors would be hard pressed to sum up a film's theme so effectively with so little noise - amazing.
1	Loose Cannon The documentary was really, really good. They left some stuff out of it, of course, but you know why they did so it sort of makes sense. One thing I did not remember was the prodigious mullet Brian sported back in the day. Man, I think that thing was more impressive than Jagr's Cup-winning mullet of the early-90s! I don't know that I learned anything new from the documentary, but seeing his kids and his sisters talk about him was amazing. Also, Stone Cold talking about the Hollywood Blonds tag team was great fun. They really played up the Flyin' Brian stuff as being ahead of it's time (which it was) and the Loose Cannon character that had everyone guessing. Funny thing is that the whole Loose Cannon thing wasn't really long-lasting if you think about it. The gimmick was the talk of all three companies at the time but it really only lasted the summer before his Humvee accident brought any momentum he had to a standstill. The accident was glossed over--he was loaded on painkeelers and told of seeing his ex-girlfriend's face in his rearview mirror when he crashed--but the fact that it totally derailed his character was not. He knew that he could have been the biggest thing going and that he had blown the whole deal and it depressed the heck out of him. Anyhoo, the official coroner's report was that he had a heart attack; just as his dad had at a young age. Of course, the fact that the juice and the vikes and a crazy lifestyle put take a toll on the heart was glossed over. I mean, the WWE is not going to ever admit that the lifestyle of a (ahem) "sports entertainer" is one that is insane because no one can prove whether the job makes you crazy or if that crazy people are attracted to the job. It's the whole chicken-or-the-egg argument on a human scale. The truth is that he was an overachiever who liked to prove people wrong and when his body failed him, he became depressed and quickly descended into a spiral that ultimately did him in. Best parts were reliving the Hollywood Blonds stuff. I remember watching it back in the day and knowing that he and Steve were going to be huge stars. Steve even talks about how the team got over really quickly and that the plug was pulled by a booker who was worried about protecting his spot in WCW. They never name the booker but I am 90% sure that it was Ric Flair back then who headed the booking committee. I am also 80% sure that Arn was on the committee too. They must have felt threatened by the Flare For The Old skit that set up a 2 out of 3 falls match for a TBS special in (I am guessing) 1992 or 1993. Great stuff though; and Brian came up with the whole gimmick. They were so hilarious together. Another great part was Jim Ross talking about how he believed that he had become a father-figure to Brian in the WWF. That was sad stuff. JR really had a hard time trying to help Brian but Pillman only saw the fact that JR order him to be drug tested as a huge betrayal. Overall, I am going with 4 crutches out of 5. I haven't watched any of the matches as yet but I am less interested in that kind of thing than I am the documentaries.
1	Gore and Humor at the Opera. Dario Argento's Terror at the Opera is simply about a psychotic hooded killer who terrorizes an opera diva whom he adores. The opera diva is Betty, a young singer who gets a chance to star in Macbeth when the original lead has an accident and breaks her leg. Her powerful (not) performances in Macbeth attracts the killer who randomly kidnaps Betty, ties her up and tapes a row of sharp pins under her eyes forcing her to watch him commit murder. Later on in the film we find out why he does this to her aswell as the killers secret identity. Terror at the Opera is more of a slasher rather than a horror, (as there is no real scary moments in the entire film) but still a good horror. TATO is a very enjoyable horror/slasher. For the usual horror fanatic, it does deliver as it is gory and strangely at times very humorous. The camera work is great in this film as it exaggerates the gore by simply zooming in on a penetration of a knife or when the camera becomes the eyes of Betty, showing us what she sees through those sharp needles taped under her eyes. Apart from gore, TATO also has a mystery factor. As the film progresses introducing new characters and reminding us of old suspicious characters, the viewer soon begins to wonder who is the killer. And of course this does lead to a twist at the end. With plenty of violence, mystery, thrills and humor, Dario Argento's well paced feature will not dissapoint. One bad thing I can say about this film is that the acting is quite bad, but that maybe the result of the terrible dubbing. However, Terror at the Opera is still an entertaining film and well worth a look
0	a disapointment Of all the terrific Betty Grable films I don't understand how this one made it to dvd. I just thought the story was dull and the dvd quality wasn't the greatest. I wish they would put I Wake up Screaming, The Dolly Sisters and Mother Wore Tights on dvd
0	Fine film ruined by voice-overs on this DVD. A solid documentary with interesting new footage and invaluable testimony from participants in the battle and related events is ruined by loud voice-overs by poor actors. Both the narration and the voice-overs of interviewees are mediocre at best. If you are averse to dubbing of fictional films, you will understand that overdubbing of non-fictional work is particularly onerous. Clearly a decision was made to create a version that would be accessible to those averse to reading subtitles. But in the age of DVD it is fairly absurd not to include the original version of the film.
1	Scott Leet blew me away!!! Wow! I wasn't expecting much watching this little movie "Out In Fifty" one night at home with my boyfriend. But then at one point, I totally found myself engrossed watching this guy Scott Leet, who was playing this ex-con trying to get a second chance at life after getting out of prison. I mean, me and my boyfriend were sitting there like totally in tears and suddenly we realized we were watching this amazing talent. Scott Leet totally blew us away! I mean he was totally ripped, totally COOL, totally...just mesmerizing. He reminded us a lot of a young Clint Eastwood, xcept with lots more vulnerability. Scott Leet could totally win an Academy Award someday. He's really amazing. And gorgeous too
0	Not suitable for people with functional cremasters Go to www.cremaster.net and download the trailer for the full cremaster cycle. . . . then realize how awesome it looks and how much this dvd sucks. I was wondering where the movie was on this DVD, but then realized you only get a 30 minute clip and can watch lots of alternat shots of the same stuff. The minute long trailer on the website is SOOOOO much better. Highlight: Camera Movement is kool when it moves all slow and stuff
1	Best movie I have seen in a very long time I feel this movie should be seen by all. It's awesome, and really makes you think. You get very attached to the characters and feel what they are feeling. I highly recommend it! Awesome movie
0	dissapointment season where ideas ran out I am a big fan of the pretender series and I just wanted to share my disappointment's on season 4 where it's an ending of a comedy season and not a fun season that we've seen in first 3 seasons. I believe they ran out of ideas and they just wanted to fill in the blanks and put any crap. I was really disappointed. :( I recommend no one to buy it, not to mention it's pretty expensive as it is.
0	I found it...tiresome.... My advice is to watch this in French, which is less painful especially if you don't speak French. In English, its unbearable. Slow? At one point the DVD froze and I didn't realize it for several minutes
1	first season of voyage to the bottom of the sea This item, volume 2 of the first season had two defective episodes that would not play all the way through. The rest of them were cool.. black and white, but action filled and fun
0	I am a B horror flick fan, but... I thought that this movie fell short of even B horror flick standards. I did like the scenic shots of the film but the dialog and the "mutants" of this film didn't really hold my attention. The "mutants" were not even mutants at all. They looked like everyday people that you would see on the street. Well, they didn't look disfigured is what I mean. The guy that was acting like he was part of the "Rap Culture" was the most irritating of them all. I really wanted to like this movie, but I am sorry that I didn't. I don't recommend this movie to anyone. Even those B horror fans
1	Taxi Driver A "must have" classic! Keeps you watching on the edge of your chair and wanting for more. I highly recommend
0	Just plain horrible I saw this with an open mind, as some modern remakes have been pretty good. This was not one of them. Other than the title and number of children, this bore absolutely no resemblance to either the original with Henry Fonda and Lucille Ball, or the book it was based on (Who Gets the Drumstick? -- Helen Beardsley). The main theme of this movie seemed to be "how stupid can we make our parents look". If you are going to remake a movie, try to make it better, rather than just trying to capitalize on the earlier movie's name and popularity
0	Jennifer Aniston saves the day....again! Along Came Polly is so silly and annoying but of course the lovely Jennifer Aniston makes this film almost worth while. I probably would have turned this movie off if it wasn't for her. Aniston has charisma so even in a crummy movie like this one, she tries to make an awkward situation somewhat ok. Ben Stiller is another story, he always picks the same, stereotypical role. I guess Stiller thinks he is not worth a decent part. Oh well, Along Came Polly will not send me on a second viewing anytime soon. I recommend The Good Girl or Reality Bites instead
0	Was almost decent until..... they introduced the RED TAPE. Uhmmm that made the whole movie null and void for me. After that it just seemed like a very drawn out Veronica Mars "Halloween" episode. *SPOILERS* This film is about evil spirits who have a vendetta against pc's, cellphones, and PDA's. God forbid you own either or else you will be visited by one of these beings. Forget about being killed on the spot. It just makes you so depressed you want to commit suicide or better yet you turn into what looks like remnants of an ashtray. Oh but wait, theres more you can keep the spirits at bay w/ red electrical tape. Sounds preposterous right?! Well it is. To sum up, this movie was a hot "thrown together at the last minute" mess.
1	Unjustly overlooked. Lord of War (Andrew Niccol, 2005) This one flew under the radar, or at least as under the radar as a much-hyped major Hollywood production can. Upon reflection, that's not terribly surprising, given how strong a film it is; good things, it often seems, never flourish in the sandy, sandy soil of Hollywood. And Niccol (Gattaca) has created a good thing here. Yuri Orlov (Nicolas Cage) and his brother Vitaly (Jared Leto) are arms dealers operating in the grey areas of the law. Or they are until Vitaly develops a rather nasty drug habit and goes into rehab, leaving Yuri to fly solo-- just as the Berlin Wall comes down and the arms market takes off. Yuri is being dogged by Jack Valentine (Ethan Hawke), an FBI agent who's sure he's breaking the law. As an action movie, it's kind of fun, interesting, a bit slow at times but watchable all the same. As a chronicle of the slow descent into corruption of a guy who's just trying to make his way in the world, it's incisive, well-done, witty, charming. However, the movie really shines as a survey of the political and economic structure of the world in the nineties. Yuri Orlov is the perfect character to allow Niccol to ruminate on the general anarchic wackiness of a lot of different hot spots at the time. Yuri traipses through the former Soviet Union and Africa, and Niccol follows with his camera, casting light on some very nasty characters who are thinly-veiled (at best) analogues of real dictators. It's good stuff; you probably didn't see it in the theater (very few did), but you can catch what you missed then on DVD now. ***
1	Rattle, Hum & Chill Out I've read reviews about Rattle 'n' Hum for years now. Everybody gets caught up in the mania of the movie. Honestly, who cares whether or not Bono makes a fool of himself (which he so eloquently does), who cares that this is their pilgrimage to the "holy lands" of rock. If you can strip away all the symbolic sludge and get to the heart of this movie, it's at that point that you can truly enjoy it. Rattle 'n' Hum is nothing more than an entertaining documentary of the journey of a simple rock band from Dublin Ireland. Their music and concerts are uplifting and their songs are incredibly simple, yet well-written. By the end of the movie, hopefully you will appreciate the fact that U2 always has proven themselves as a solid rock band worthy of the musical acclaim that has followed them throughout their long distinguished career. Forget the politics, forget the philanthropy, forget the garbage. Just listen to the music and enjoy the visual ride. It's only rock'n'roll
0	the fun is stealthiest of all... They call it brainless fun, but it's not even fun. Yes, "Stealth" is that not-rare-enough bad movie that's actually so bad, it's no fun. It starts out bad from the beginning - with an on-screen title sequence dating this film "In the Near Future", which should trip alarms for anybody whose ever watched an episode of "Mystery Science Theater 3000". The heroes of our story - three pilots assigned to fly hyper-tech US fighters called "Talons" - are reluctantly joined by a fourth pilot, a robotic fighter jet called EDI. Trouble starts immediately when EDI develops an acute case of self-awareness and faster than you can say "I'm sorry Dave, I really can't do that", EDI is ignoring orders and raising all sorts of havoc. It's hard to get more specific without ruining the plot...because there really isn't any plot. The story we see on the screen hints at several different plot-ideas that never form into a single story - we have the plot about stopping "Crazy EDI"; the plot about the evil admiral played by Sam Shepard who will do anything he can to keep the lid on EDI when he goes bad; we have Jessica Biel as a fighter pilot running from the bad guys after she's shutdown over North Korea; then we have Josh Lucas as the other Talon pilot whose on the run from some goons who are trying to...Oh, who cares? None of these plots go anywhere. BUT WHAT ABOUT THEM EFFEX?? "Stealth" offers us hours of aerial dogfighting in unsurpassed CGI - unsurpassed because the movie demonstrates that there are some things that simply can't be left to computer animation. Even though they're next generation aircraft, the F/A-37 Talon fighters never convincingly look like any airplanes, and the aerial effects here look little more believable than those done over 20 years ago in "Firefox" or "Deal of the Century", or nowadays on any flight simulator game run on any desktop-PC. The effects compound the error by maximizing use of "impossible shots" - shots that couldn't be seen by a human perspective, such as those that cut across the sky and directly inside the subject aircraft - it's a clever shot, but not a terrible smart one (they never stop reminding us that these are effects). It's probably too much effort to explain that even elite fighter pilots don't want to be confused by a flight panel that suddenly starts broadcasting real-time images of a bunch of terrorists sitting down as if for a CNN foto-op, or that none of the pilots come off as even casual aviators. "Stealth" is one of those mindless movies that effete snobbish reviewers like to blame on teenage boys, but this flick lost a ton of money (stealthy profits) which is only strong proof that the monster audience of mindless boys is itself a delusion of these frustrated critics and studio execs, or even stronger proof that those mindless teenage boys may be smarter than anybody realizes
0	Assess your own taste before buying I am one of the many reviewers who purchased this DVD because everyone favorably compared it with "Seinfeld," and (not being an HBO subscriber) I had never seen it. Personally, I found this show boring, repetitive, and often grating. Well, that's just me. You might be among the many people who enjoy this genre of comedy. Deciding if this DVD is for you will require an informed assessment of you own taste. Buy this DVD if you tend to laugh at protracted bickering among the characters (as in "Married with Children" or Vicki Lawrence's show "Mama"). This is NOT the kind of gut-splittingly funny politically charged bickering that we once enjoyed in "All in the Family." As in "Seinfeld", you will see adults act in childish, selfish, irresponsible, uncaring ways. Depending on how this is done, it can be VERY funny, but "Curb" missed the mark for me. I find self-absorbed New Yorkers (as those portrayed in Seinfeld) to be funny, but self-absorbed Californians (as in "Curb") are just pathetic, not even laughable. You might feel differently. Neurosis and rudeness are backhandedly ridiculed in "Seinfeld", but almost celebrated in "Curb." The characters in "Seinfeld" are roughly half a generation younger than those in "Curb." The Seinfeld characters (who came of age in the "me" era of 1980s ) commit a variety of hilarious middle-age gaffes and mis-steps associated with a lack of direction in life. The older characters in "Curb," on the other hand, offer us only a repetitive and uncreative barrage of antagonistic behavior that is characteristic of people who have given up on forging new directions in life. They merely exist. You might find this funny, but I found it depressing
0	Direct to video potboiler re-tread that never should have been made This direct to video "sequel" is actually more of a re-tread of the original 1998 guilty pleasure erotic thriller/film noir potboiler, and another of the countless, and pointless, direct to video sequels to come from Sony/Comlumbia/Tri-Star as of late (Cruel Intentions 2 & 3, Starship Troopers 2, shall I go on?). Wild Things 2 focuses around a rich girl (Susan Ward) whose stepfather mysteriously dies, and the only thing standing in her way of inheritance is her high school rival (Son of the Beach's hot Leila Arcieri) who claims to be the man's true, biological daughter. Naturally, just like in the original, there are plot twists aplenty, as learned by an insurance investigator (Isiah Washington, giving a somewhat inspired performance), and naturally, there are double crosses, murders, and a redux of the first film's threesome, only it's not as erotic as the original's. Wild Things 2 isn't just a cardboard copy of the original with none of it's good points, it's a solid waste of film that even fans of the original film will hate. Is it worth seeing? Depends how much you liked the first Wild Things, but for the rest of us, just watch the original and forget this ever happened
1	Masterpiece I am continually amazed at the huge variation in people's tastes. Someone can give a 1 star rating and the next a 5 star rating for the same film. I can be touched by a film so deeply and yet the person sitting next to me feels nothing. I guess it proves how different we all are. &quot;The Sacrifice&quot; touched me. I would rank it amongst the best 5 films I have ever seen. The film is mysteriuos, haunting, slow paced, impecably filmed and acted. So many images remain in my mind. The woman who breaks down and has to be pacified by a tranquilizer, the haunting music associated with the witch that permeates throughout the movie, the long take as the house is burned etc etc. This is a truly great masterpiece. What a shame Tarkovsky died so young
1	Mugen's the name pal, you got that? WOW! that's one word that comes to mind. WOW! ever since tenchi muyo was taken off the air, their has not been any anime shows that have interested me. for years i searched, never finding anything worth watching. then, i sort of gave up. i would occasionaly check adult swim for any signs of a new great anime but to no avail. then one night it happened: i saw the second episode of Samurai Champloo air on adult swim. at first, i wasnt paying attention to the words and action. i was looking at what had caught my eye when i was flipping channels: THE ANIMATION! the artwork was incredible!the colors that were used to draw the characters and the world they were interacting in made it seem real. it was almost as if it was a sitcom, with real people. only tis was completly animated. it was eye-popping!then, i started to watch the show itself and the show was great!!! anyway, since then i have been addicted to the series and i have six of the volumes. but alas, the last one (number seven) comes out this month on the 17th. the show is coming to an end. so anyway, im going to write reviews for each of the volumes and rate them. i rated volume one of samurai champloo below: episode one: tempestuous temperaments- jin, mugen and fuu meet for the first time. mugen is looking for a challenge and hears about three "bad asses" and sends some cowards to go get them. mugen however, does not know that jin has killed them already. mugen mistakes jin as one of the "bad asses" and attatcks him. a brilliant fight insues, and jin mugen and fuu end up travling together. i rate episode one a 10/10 episode two: redeye reprisal- mugen cut a mans arm off in episode one. in this episode, the man is out for revenge. the man recruits an ogre by the name of oniwaka to help him exact revenge on mugen. also, jin encounters a highly skilled assasin who has been hired to kill him. another great fight. and last of all, our modest (cough) fuu gets smashed. i rate this episode 9/10 episodes 3 & 4: hellhounds for hire part one and two- the three heros part ways but fate eventually brings them back together. jin is hired by a gang as a bodygaurd. mugen is hired as a bodyguard by a rival gang. fuu is tricked into capture and is forced to work in a broffel house. i give both episodes 3&4 10/10 thats the end of my review for volume one of samurai champloo. if you are new to the series check out my reviews for each volume to see if you want to get the volumes. i will say this, they are really expensive. but they are worth the money. i get them at best buy and they are 24.99 plus tax and each volume has four episodes on it. if you have not bought this dvd and are debating weither it is good or not, i reccomend you buy it. i can personally vouch for this dvd. of course, its always good to check other reviews by different people as well. later. i hope this review helped
1	Still The Best Sci-fi on Television I grew up with 'Doctor Who in the 70's. Tom baker was the first doctor who I saw on TV. I remember watching the show with my mom every night @ 7pm. This series brings back alot of memories....... The story starts off with the doctor and sarah in a quarry in good ol england.....they start walking through the quarry, unknown to them, the workers in the quarry just set explosives right where they are walking. The next thing the doctor and sarah notice, is a man on top of a ridge waving st them. But the doctor and sarah think he is wazing at them as in hello or help. the next thing the time travelers know is they are buried in tons of rock, well sarah is anyway, the doctor and some of the workers dig sarah out, she is unconcience and grasping a stone hand..............'THE HAND OF FEAR
0	Yet another DVD I got for Christmas! Where my gifter managed to get an original and brand new copy of this one I have no idea, the bottomline is that it is now part of my collection and I am here to say what I think of it. It could have been improved. It's major flaw other than the relatively crude animation is the characters, rather unlikeable heroes and hilarious villains that you strongly wish would win in the end since they are more likeable than those known as heroes. The story doesn't change much from scene to scene, 15 dalmatian puppies have been kidnapped and must find their way home by going from place to place avoiding Cruella DeVil and her henchmen. Recommended? Not really, it has it's moments of warmth, but otherwise, it isn't one of Disney's greatest films
0	Clarification of previous review Note that in my previous review, in which I commented on the dreadful DVD transfer, I was only referring to the &quot;That Touch of Mink&quot; DVD. The Father Goose DVD is not that bad
1	good buy I love a good dance movie and this is one for the collection. This dvd sells for about $7.00 at thiat price it is a very good buy
1	Great Beginner DVD I really enjoyed this DVD. Great moves, beautiful scenes. It relaxed me just watching it. I like the variety of workouts, some easy and some a bit more challenging. Something for everyone. I started this because I had a tweek in my back, and after a few weeks I feel much better. I'm ordering other products from this instructor. Highly recommended
0	VERY anti-Christian The movie has many none-too-subtle *VERY* anti-Christian elements, particularly in the typical Hollywierd portrayal of money grubbing "Christian" TV Evangelists and Christians themselves as stupid zombies; life as basically pointless. I am sick of Hollywood rubbish like this! So, if you're a Christian, stand firm -- DON'T BUY IT!!
0	only 5 mins of Alvin Lee/Ten Years After!!?? ..whats all that about? I'm putting this crap on eBay first chance I get, I'm totally disgusted at the editing ,not because of how it was edited at the time of original release, but because they have not extended the songs to there original length . Ten Years After's 'I cant Keep from crying' with extended guitar solo from Alvin Lee, was nearly 20 minuites long and they put barely 5 minuites of it on here. This could have been made into an extended package, like most reissued/remastered concert footage has been . There is little enough footage of Ten Years After&Alvin Lee out there, yet Jethro Tull's full Isle of Wight 'full' 1 hour set has been released on DVD . Nice remastering, shame about the footage.
1	Kristin McGee's workouts I have never been able to stick with a DVD but this one is great! Kristin is awesome and keeps you focused on the workout. I haven't got bored with this one yet
0	I know Christy and she's no Christy . . . . To be blunt, Laura Lee Smith's Christy is petulant and immature. I like Diane Ladd as an actress, but her portrayal of Alice Henderson is bland. Thumbs up to the men -- Stewart Finaly-McLennan and James Waterson. Also, Dale Dickey did a great job with the role of Opal McHone and I thought Emily Perkins and Olivia Kelly were outstanding as Zady Spencer and Ruby Mae (respectively. The script could have provided a much better transitions in several place. Most notably, we see the good-by to one beau. It would have been more emotionally satisfying to see her say "YES!" to the other. While some performances were excellent, the movie must stand on the overall performance of the cast, director and screenwriters. With Christy and Alice being so central to the story, it simply doesn't make it. We all knew who she would end up with, anyway, didn't we??? Much better to go back and watch the CBS series or better yet, read the book!
0	Not what I was hoping for I like to laugh. This really didn't do the job. I was hoping for something monty python style. It has its moments. I've seen the one guy in the Sierra Mist commercials and they are funnier. I've read where these guys have done some shorts and they are better. I would like to find them if possible.
1	Excellent Early Sean Penn Movie....Highly Recommended !!! I picked this DVD off the rack as a random selection, mainly because I don't believe that Sean Penn has ever appeared in a bad movie....and this has got to be one of his best (even though he was probably still a teenager when it was produced in 1983). He portrays a young delinquent purse snatcher and mugger named Mick O'Brien, who is rapidly escalating the violence of his crimes. Ultimately, during an attempted drug robbery his best friend is murdered and he accidentally runs over the young brother of his bitter enemy, Paco Moreno (fairly well portrayed by Esai Morales....he is definitely no Sean Penn). Because of his youth, Mick is sent to a grim, grimy, violent juvenile detention center presided over by the "usual suspects": inattentive, seemingly deaf guards who allow atrocities to be perpetrated daily and with no consequences....prison trustees (Clancy Brown portrays one) who flaunt the rules, sexually abuse at will, and terrorize the inmates....and a warden who is a weak, fickle joke. By standing up to the trustees and demonstrating his talents for mayhem and maniacal violence, Mick becomes the dominant inmate....in effect, ruling the place, until two things happen to challenge him: Paco rapes Mick's girlfriend (revenge for the death of his brother) and gets sentenced to the same juvenile detention center as Mick. They now hate each other more than ever, and are trapped within the same hellish institution....you KNOW that something horrific is going to happen. Sorry, but if you want to see how this incredible set-up plays out, you'll have to rent or buy the DVD....and I assure you, it will be money well spent. The acting is superb (Sean is incredible, even as a teenager, exuding an undercurrent of barely-controlled violence); the plot is suspenseful and bloody but always makes perfect sense; the direction, cinematography, sets, sound, etc. are terrific. This is a genuinely excellent movie....I give it my highest recommendation.
1	Good compilation of live show, with Promo footage to boot The Anthology is a very good collection of 3 live shows from Bruce Dickinson's, pulled from many sources. DVD ONE has Tattoo Millionaire tour live footage (DIVE DIVE DIVE), and Skunkworks Live. The DIVE video is poor quality shots, and the sound is not the greatest. My favorite is the Skunkworks footage. That album was probably the best of his first three solo albums in terms of musicianship and variation from maiden. It's good to the footage done when it was still fresh, and laugh at Bruce trying to be "alternative". Disc two is just Scream for Me Brazil in yet another package. Good song set, playing Bruce's best solo work ever (Chemical Wedding Material), but it's too bad that the sound is poor and video is cut from video feeds from the crowd screens. Pretty disapointing disc, could have been left out, made the package cost less, and no one would have missed it. This keeps this DVD from getting 5 Stars Disc three is the cool best part of this package. The promo videos are just nice to have in one spot. The Tyranny of Souls promo video is interesting, and where else are you going to find the Samson footage. All of the videos also have an intro option with bruce dickinson describing the story of each video (like knowing the "Tatooed Millionaire" video was directed by the pink floyd "Learning to Fly" directory...now the connection is made). Nice job with the last disc. Overall, I feel the skunkworks video and the Promo material are the best parts of this collection, and make it worth the 10 dollars I paid for this. I would suggest to all to try an pay under 20 dollars for this collection, because the bulk of these DVD's is filler on disc two, and I would feel ripped off by it. If you have been a long time maiden/dickinson fan, get this anyway.
1	A Film For Those Who Believe In "The One True Love" To appreciate this story, you have to believe that two people can meet and quickly fall forever into forbidden love. That is what is at the heart of this film. If you can't accept that premise, the movie simply does not work. And what makes it throb with life for me are the excellent performances of Jeremy Northam and Jennifer Ehle whose mutual passion sweeps us along. Paltrow and Eckhart are a secondary love story here, but you never feel that they really care for one another. Worth your time if you are a romantic. OK, I'm a romantic. Sue me
0	Mostly uneventful and somewhat pretentious I like Glenn Gould. I didn't care for this movie however. 1) The actor does not look like Glenn at all in my opinion, which I find distracting. 2) Its very disjointed, and a lot of the components offer very little insight about Glenn or his life. One scene was Glenn simply going into a restaurant and listening to other people's conversations. Big deal, this is not interesting. I know this was supposed to offer a subtle insight into his personality, but it's boring and it comes across as pretentious filmmaking. Another example; Glenn is listening to a record with a cleaning lady. Thats it. Why is this interesting? Someone could film my uncle in Wal Mart, but would you care? Hey, look...My Uncle Carl is buying batteries. Now he is putting his change in his pocket. How utterly profound.... In my opinion, you will learn and understand more about Glenn Gould by listening to his music than watching this lackluster, uneventful movie
1	Not the same old WATP workout I just did this workout for the first time and I have to say it was a refreshing change from the usual kicks, knee lifts, side steps and marching of the other WATP series. It was interesting and fun. If you are familiar with any of Leslies tapes, you know that there is constant chatter and it will sometimes get weird, and the queing will be off, but that is Leslie. The moves aren't complicated, so you may miss a second or two, but can catch up easily. In spite of all that, I find her a motivating instructor and I guess that she is laughing all the way to the bank since she sells jillions of dvds/videos despite not being perfect.
1	A Very Powerful Treatment of Popularity viz a viz Discipline in the Military In an interview Sir Alec Guinness was asked how difficult it was for him to portray an individual whom he in actual life was the opposite to, Sir Alec responded as all great actors would, by saying that he felt it to be challenging, but enjoyed it once he got into it... and this is the Alec Guinness that one sees in Tunes of Glory. The tale of friction between two powerful figures, both with huge egos and both unwilling to bend to the circumstances of reality and their times. The ending of the movie has always broken me up and brought me to tears. for just as in the movie... "all my sons".. the Major (Guiness) felt an afffinity and a kinship to all the men under him, growing to love them as (..."all my babies"...) he would his own sons.. there lies the irony in the ending... and his ultimate feelings for Col. Barrow (John Mills).....enuff sai
0	Mud Slow,dull and done on the "cheap"....stick with "Zulu" and read your history book's ....far more entertaining
0	Boring This is a one-time watch. It is most definately a home movie with very unprofessional editing. I was hoping for at least one or two songs to have a professional mix. Never happened..
