0	Hate to Give it One Star Is there an option for zero. The worst I book I have ever read. He contradicts himself in his points, hoovers over stealing pears (and other evil things) and puts me to sleep. I don't see how this piece of garbage could make anyone a saint, it should be burned. ZERO STARS
0	Ms Nettleton seems sincerely deluded ... :-0 This book is hilarious, evidently written toungue-in-cheek. It is also at least to some extent fictitious, regarding her personal experiences, so perhaps it is best read as such. One example of this is that she states her fourth husband "Bill" 'has no children of his own'. This is untrue. He has three children he adopted and then chose to walk out on. Perhaps Ms. Nettleton was unaware of this fact at the time her book went to print. That would, however, not really speak well to her doing due diligence on her suitors before marrying them
1	Entry level modeling on Max I found this book to be very well written and easy to understand, for the most part the book will take you by the hand in modeling a character (using 3Ds Max 3). If you are a total newbie you will find this book easy to comprehend and follow wish in my opinion will set some foundation for you if you wish to buy and read more advanced books on the subject. On the downsize the book does a little attempt to explain texturing a character and doesn't go in deep in the process of designing the textures of the characters. But all in all a pretty nice book for entry level character design
0	Calvino could have written better stuff This book says nothing. He brings you on a journey through nothing that will you unfilled. Don't read it
0	Good Advice to Be Sure... The advice Rand gives writers in this transcription of a series of living room lectures is sound in places: anchor your abstractions in the concrete; remember that art is selectivity; show, don't tell; use actions to illuminate your character, etc, etc, etc. All good advice, to be sure, but to say that Rand is proposing anything new or different from what is taught in writing seminars across the country is a little disingenuous. Add to this her refusal to praise the work of any author besides herself and Victor Hugo, her casual dismissal of prominent writers without convincing evidence (and, even more interesting, the relative paucity of authors she even brings up) and a few didactic guidelines (her ban on profanity, slang, and references less than one century old), and there's rather too much extraneous stuff here to be worth the effort of wading in to try to get to the good bits. If it's advice you're looking for, there's an excellent essay called "Dogma" in "The Writing Life," a collection of essays and interviews with a number of authors put together by the National Book Award that I found both more helpful and less self-absorbed
1	Excellent Instruction for Insight Meditation Insight (Mindfulness) Meditation - the Vipassana Meditation of Theravada Buddhism - can change your life whether you are Buddhist or not, and this is one of three books that can take you there. To get acquainted with this excellent meditation method and for lots of inspiration to try it, start with "Wherever You Go, There You Are" by Jon Kabat-Zinn. Then, to learn more about just how to do it, move on to "Mindfulness in Plain English" by Henepola Gunaratana. Now you're ready for the Big Leagues of Mindfulness - Larry Rosenberg's outstanding book, "Breath by Breath: the Liberating Practice of Insight Meditation". He takes the potentially complex topic of how to do this meditation just as the Buddha taught it, and explains the entire Anapanasati (Mindfulness with Breathing) method in a way that Westerners can understand and relate to. I've practiced Insight Meditation for more than a decade, and have accumulated a pretty good library of books on Buddhism and on Meditation. Larry Rosenberg's book - which I've read and re-appreciated several times - is one of the last ones I'd be willing to part with
1	Responsible Freedom and Democracy, Handmaids of Human Happiness Fareed Zakaria rightly forces his readers to think harder than they usually do about the interdependence existing between freedom and democracy. In the West, constitutional liberalism, with its checks and balances, gave birth to modern democracy. However, too much democracy can paradoxically lead to less freedom. Think for instance about humiliated Germany after WWI under the Weimar Republic and its subsequent mistreatment of different minorities for specious reasons under the Nazis. Similarly, more choices can result into less accountability. Think for instance about those who fail to plan financially for old age independent of a social security system increasingly at risk of insolvency due to shifting demographics. In the U.S. and overseas, right without responsibility is usually as immoral and unjust as responsibility without right. Unelected bodies such as the U.S. Supreme Court, the U.S. Federal Reserve, or the World Trade Organization are a necessary evil. Expertise of their respective members is judged more important than their democratic legitimacy to hopefully pursue the better good of either a human community or a society of sovereign states. These unelected officials are not held accountable to the tyranny of instant gratification that too many elected officials perceive, rightly or wrongly, among a majority of their constituents. Because unelected bodies are a necessary evil to account for human weaknesses, they should remain the exception rather than the rule. Pleading for an increase in unelected bodies, though well-intentioned, could paradoxically lead to a weakening support of the best-in-class in their respective categories.
1	O'Nan rights a wrong.......... Stewart O'Nan has corrected a major oversight by writing so comprehensively about a topic surrounded by myth and folk legend. Apparently, the story of the Hartford circus fire of 1944 has never been told in a book, but Mr O'Nan has dived into the deep end of the myths and legends and surfaced with a factual, well-researched, and eminently readable tale of the tragedy. Covering all aspects of the fire and its' aftermath, Mr O'Nan debunks the stories told as truth but bearing none, reveals new and unsung heroes, and lovingly examines the fate of Little Miss 1565, the lovely, unclaimed child who lay so long in a grave with only a number to mark her presence. This is an exciting read, filled with the thrill of the circus, the horror of a fire out of control, the fate of survivors, and that of victims ....... both those who lived and those who didn't. While Mr O'Nan has moved on to the Boston Red Sox in his book with Stephen King, FAITHFUL, this was his first foray into non-fiction, and he has done himself proud. This is a great story, told well, and with care
1	Gripping story I found this book at my local used book store. I was a little hesitant to buy it because I was afraid it would your typical teenage agnst story. But for only four dollars, what was there to lose? I was in for a surprise and a real treat! This book not only captures the teenage insecurities that most of us have felt, or are feeling, but it also captures that nervous, excited, almost panicked feeling a lot of us get after graduating high school, and moving on into the &quot;real&quot; world. The book was unique in many many ways. The first third of the book was the main character describing a history of her life by describing pictures she had found, and giving a short story for each one. The second section, told from her point of view, gave the reader insight into her high school life, dealing with peer pressure, school, and dating. In the third part of the book, she begins college, and also begins to spiral out of control, and the books tone shows this. This section is told in third person, as if she is going through so much, that she feels she is watching herself from the outside. I was very impressed with the writing style and the story line. I would recommend this book to anyone
0	Typical gay fare - not worth the time Many people have mentioned the embarassing cover art to this book. I agree and it is also very misleading. The characters in the book do not even resemble those guys - the main character's love interest is an artist who looks nothing like the clean cut characters on the book jacket. Things we can do without in gay fiction from now on: 1. A spoiled egotistical self indulgent main character. Yes this may apply to some gay guys but its just BORING now in the books. 2. A distant disapproving father and eccentric mother. YAWN 3. The flamboyant gay friend (usually black) First this book starts as a character study - will this selfish debt ridden loser get his act together? - then it morphs into some sort of romance (never worth your time) - then has a whole chapters about the running of an escort service (fairly interesting) and ends with a kind or frenetic black humor. It never gels. I kept waiting for the big romance and it was incredibly lame. Was my heart supposed to be warmed about him doing threesomes with his new boyfriend and a client???? If you want a real book about running and escort agency read the MAYFLOWER MADAM's book. At least it's interesting. If you HAVE to read a book about a selfish gay man - I recommend "California Screaming" and forget this trash.
0	Lettering done by amatuers. This is largely the same team of Letters who do the majority of lettering for Image Comics, and maybe one day when they decite to do it for a more professional comics company, then they can write a book like this, until then, NO SALE
0	Are these reviewers as blind as Bobby Jobe? I mean, come on. A blind golfer? I thought it was an intruiging premise, too, until I tried to hit balls with my eyes closed. I'm a 2-handicapper, and I was completely hapless. So forgive me if my suspension of disbelief came crashing down. That said, Cullen writes a pleasant, if completely farfetched tale, with likeable characters. However, I thought the best parts of the book had nothing to do with golf. The subplot involving the mentally ill father was actually more interesting, believable and touching, and the best part of the book was a short bit about Allegheny men and their pickup trucks.
0	NOT anywhere near as good as the movie. I realize that by writing this review I'll probably have a fatwa issued against me by the comic book fan community, but this graphic novel was a major disappointment. I came to it because I liked the movie so much. I found it to be misogynistic and tedious to read (entire paragraphs of text repeated, as if the writer couldn't think of enough to fill out his story). The artwork was ugly. The plot lines were sometimes hard to swallow, characters' motivations not believable. It was the spark of a great idea that the movie producer(s) turned into something excellent
1	excellent reference Like other reviewers, I agree that a book is no substitute for instruction by a teacher. Nevertheless, this comes as close (for the Yang style short form) as anything I've found. Even if you have no interest in the martial aspects of taiji, having the potential applications of the form enriches practice. I found the illustrations clear. I own a half dozen or so books on taiji, and this is the only one I regularly consult
1	Could be better. The flashcards are nice to take anywhere. The numbers are lined to different parts of the region one is studying. Example the skull, if you are studying lateral view of the skull a number would highlight the temporal bone but you will have four lines pointing to four different parts of the temporal bone, if you needed more help to which part of the temporal bone was the zygomatic process it would be hard to find out which of those four lines pointed to it. The answers are next to the temporal bone in parenthesis but it does not go in to much detail to which line represents what. This could be better
1	hilarious A book about the show that revolutionized the sports tv show by the two guys who were the stars of the show. Funniest section is where they talk about those little catch-phrases everyone gets stuck in their head. You know like, &quot;from way downtown...bang!!&quot; and &quot;he put the biscuit in the basket&quot;. Hilarious!
1	Ching's Architectural Graphics This book is a great reference for architecture students and architects. It shows in great detail drawing types and explains the uses for each of the types. It is also very helpful at the beginning with explaining the tools for drawing and their uses. I would recommend this book to anyone; it is a great tool for anyone in the field of design
1	A+ Seller Book was brand new. Can't wait to take it on vacation with me
0	Not worth the $$ Extremely basic! It would be useful to have on hand, but the $ is way too much for the few quick tips the book offers
0	Massie....please, FIND a new dead horse to beat! Robert Massie has spent execptional amounts of time for over 30 years flaying this dead horse about the Romanvos. He has all ways been dead wrong with any of his "findings". As any /every one knows, history is a fairy tale, slanted by the winning side. Russians are incapable of telling the truth. The British are not known as exceptionally truthful. There are legions of individuals both directly involved and peripherally involved with the "fate" of the Romanovs, but none will band together and state the facts. TOO, too ridiculous, with Massie acting like Moses coming down from the Mount. Hey, Bob, after all, it is ONLY your version of the facts. His "research" is sloppy, he relies on dubious sources. He violates all the basic tenets of factual, honest journalism. By all means, AVOID any and all books with Massie's name on them. Total waste of time, effort, ink, paper and money. He should have quit with "Nicholas & Alexandra", so long ago
1	Always check the LANGUAGE NOTES before buying a book I can't believe the only 2 bad reviews were given by people who din't know the book was written in Spanish. I read the book and I personally give it 10 stars for its historic content among other things. First, the TITLE is written in SPANISH, not German nor ENGLISH!!! Second, if you feel the vendor didn't provide an accurate description of the book such as the Language Edition don't blame the book. Further, if you want to blame somebody because you can't read the book, blame the editors for not publishing an English version. NOT ALL BOOKS are translated into ENGLISH and viceversa. Third, for those who wrote the bad reviews give yourself 20 stars for publicly admitting that you were careless/stup.. enough to buy a book that you couldn't read. UNDER THE EDITORIAL REVIEWS you have this NOTE: Language Notes Text: Spanish I hope this note helps for those would be buyers. GRACIAS.
1	Fluid Mechanics I like this book very much. It has a lot of good information
1	Another fine book by the master Poirot is given a case by his old pal Spence which takes him to a small village, where the fussy detective must unravel clues behind a crime in which the main suspect has already been arrested and sentenced... Hercule's indignities at the run down boarding house he's staying at make up the bulk of the story's humor, but the mystery is great fun, too and I doubt anyone can guess the killer, unless you're paying amazingly close attention. The characters here are some of Agatha's most entertaining, and Mrs Oliver, with her uncanny intuition, always makes a nice flighty side kick..
0	Not a developer book I will have to put myself in the same corner as a few of my fellow reviewers, this is not a developer book, by far. It also has a lot of repetition in it. You can explain the different security groups twice, but 5 times seems like a little too much... The fact that web parts and customisations are not covered is like the biggest dissapointment to me, because that is what I am looking for in a book. How to use Sharepoint is something you can learn in the online help
0	Not Anne Rice at her best... I may be repeating what others have said in previous reviews, but I just had to vent over this book. After reading Interview with the Vampire, and the other Vampire Chronicles before Merrick, I was highly disappointed over this book. The action and references to Voodun were vague and boring. The book revolves around a plot concocted by David Talbot and Louis the Vampire to use Merrick in order to contact the ghost of Claudia. Then, the book moves into this tedious tangent over the life of Merrick Mayfair, a character Anne Rice fails to develop as a complex individual. The action in this book is cheesy, typical, and EXTREMELY predictable. The book introduces characters that are related to Merrick, and it is not difficult to guess the fate of these characters as a reader. The vampires are barely portrayed as the mysterious, yet dangerous, and bloodlusting characters they once were in the previous novels. The vampires in Merrick, especially Louis, are portrayed as weak and gutless. Yes, Louis is a tortured soul, but his portrayal is severely watered down in this novel, and his weak nature is irritating to read about. Compare the vampires in Merrick to the same vampires portrayed in Queen of the Damned, like the characters of Akasha and Kayman, who enjoyed "devouring the marrow from their victims' bones". The vampires in Anne Rice's previous books captured the reader's attention with their viciousness, and vengeaful, yet human qualities. Anne Rice did not seem to balance these qualities in the novel Merrick as she did in her others. The action in this novel is painfully slow and without direction. The book is also full of references to David's annoying, perverse tendencies that were written merely to try to increase book sales. Skip this novel, and move on to one of her other vampire chronicles, preferrably her early novels. This just does not cut it
0	Sad... Even if one is sympathetic to Groothuis's broad concern, one can't help but be disappointed with this text. This book is a bad regurgitation of other bad and reductive non-readings of `pomo'. Groothuis depends way too highly on secondary (and sometimes tertiary) sources. It escapes me how a former reviewer could call this work `scholarly.' I suppose if one considers Logic 101 tinged with the usual fundamentalist `defender of the Faith' rhetoric and aura (which hovers over every page), then this could be called `scholarly.' The big problem I found is that even when Groothuis offers defensible criticisms, his alternatives end up being just as problematic as the positions he criticizes. For all his advocacy for a correspondence theory of truth, his tone betrays a penchant for certainty and formal coherence. He falls into the problem of the relation between thought and `reality,' representation to presentation, the role of language, and so forth. No doubt God comes to save the day with all these problems, yet on the very justificatory terms Groothuis advocates for, God escapes the measure of correspondence and becomes its condition of possibility. In other words, God becomes a structural metaphysical function which `saves' Groothuis's truth from the skeptic. The problem, however, is that Groothuis wants truth to be absolute, universal, and accessible to all, yet he is dependent on a moment (i.e. faith) which, by definition, retains a trace of contingency or `objective' undecidability. Groothuis's more ethical concerns are where I am more sympathetic, but again, here his polemics and non-reading of the people he criticizes drowned out whatever constructive points he offers. Groothuis practices the same type of irresponsible reflection that some of the `pomo' Evangelical's do: uncriticality. Here, philosophy and reflection - whether Modern or postmodern - becomes a means to simply confirm and justify a complacent status quo, rather than challenging and transforming the status quo. The challenge presented in this book is for a nostalgic return to the good old days of Christendom. Jesus did not come to `save' our metaphysical systems, but to redeem us and this world. That redemption is not contingent upon accurate representations as Groothuis seems to think. It is madness to the Greek (i.e. the logician) and a stumbling block to the Legalist (i.e. moralistic hypocrites). The task is not to make the faith less crazy or more socially repressive. As James tells us, the measure of `true' faith - and here I will grant a type of reference - is that we `attend to the widow and orphan.' Kerygma without service is dead, a worse lie than any humanism. Perhaps if we began `proving' our faith, that is, manifesting its truth in radical service and justice - we could actually demonstrate the truth to which we testify. I guess it is much easier to `defend the faith' with bad arguments which only convince the already convinced, than to `live the faith': serve the people no one gives a hoot about. After all, in the latter case one cannot fancy oneself a hero in quite the same way.
1	Another winner from Mr. Parish This is a fascinating book about one of the best (relatively)young directors working. As usual, Mr. Parish has done his homework. The background material is great and helps give a really vivid picture of the person. I really feel I got to know Mr. Van Sandt from reading this book, not only him, but his family and associates growing up. The descriptions of his early works are especially interesting. Mr. Parish is one of the most thorough writers when it comes to work credits of his subjects. I also enjoy this section of his books. I definitely recommend this book
0	WTFO - This does not deserve a review but... I am a Panama (Just Cause) & Desert Shield/Storm vet, and after seeing the movie I read the book... well almost all of it. This guy is a problem child PERIOD! Pissed off at the world, pissed off at life, and very lucky I didn't get my hands on him. Snipers are crazy as another review stated, but this guy is that 5% of the Corps that that can give the other 95% a bad name. Some of the boredom issues were true, wives/girlfriends dumping us was true, etc... but overall this guy just REALLY ticked me off... but THAT IS HIS GOAL IN LIFE ISN'T IT... Books about God, Country, Corps; things that are still thought, and observed by every Marine may just not shock the masses as much as a book aboutsome discontented, nonhacker, shiptbird.
0	Stereotype upon stereotype We are reading this book for our book group. I'm not sure if it made me uncomfortable because the perspective was so accurate or if it was because it never went beyond the stereotypes that I already have. I didn't like one character in the book. Even the dogs and the kid were annoying. While that may have been the result of good writing, the end product was that I was left feeling nothing but "ick." The characters seemed one dimensional even though a large amount of time was spent detailing their thoughts and opinions. I never understood the "why's" behind any of their actions, just their histories. Perhaps I was too slow to draw the conclusion. I felt like a big, over consumerized, ungrateful loser. If that's your thing, you may love the book.
1	Absolutely the best The photographs are large and clear. The poses are natural. The models represent a range of physical types. The disk has 360° views of each pose. Wow! This is an invaluable reference for artists. Really the only game in town. There's also a website where you can get additional poses. Highly recommended
1	AMAZING This is an incredible piece of work! It is one of the top 5 BEST and most impacting books that I've ever read (and I've read a lot). There are so many thoughts and principles that have stuck with me. This isn't a book you read where you come away wondering what you learned because you can't articulate what you read and/or learned. With this book, there are amazing teachings. It is much better than so many other books on business, leadership, and life balance. As an family man, MBA and non-profit student director, his book and my application of its principles have truly left a great impact on my life and in turn the lives of others
0	portrait of a writer as a complete bore. if you ever meet someone who you have heard is a fan of this book, stick a pin in their arm to see if they are alive
