1	A REFRESHING LOOK AT BRITISH NAVAL HISTORY Bravo for Mr. Herman! His perspective on the affect of the British raj and, in particular, the navy on the development of the Western world is excellent and educational. The phenomenon of a relatively small nation exerting its influence around the globe by extending its power through a superbly constructed and manned navy is, as yet, unmatched. For fully two centuries, until World War II finally exhausted the potential, the British policy of open sea lanes and its enforcement thereof permitted the development of the New World through trade with the Old. This includes the United States, whose loss as a colony severely dented the Empire, but eventiually created the power which has succeeded Britain as world guarantor. Mr. Herman is good on detail, but the real strength of the book is his explanation of how naval development and use affected the world as a whole. He is candid about the problems, both physical and political, and respectful of those individuals who, even in bad times, retained the foresight to keep the navy, and, thus, the Empire, on an even keel. An excellent read for anyone interested in Western history
1	Old Testament Kingdom of God vs. New Testament Kingdom of God John Bright takes us from the Old Testament concept of the Kingdom of God to the New Testament concept of the Kingdom.
1	great book This book never gets old. It's timeless and always fun to read
1	A delightful little book... I'm sorry to see that this delightful, albeit different, book is out of stock. I would never expect it to be a best seller. Nonetheless, the imaginative story and interesting art work are worth a look
0	Not so good Disappointing tome with numerous factual mistakes and a lack of understanding of those the author is interviewing. The book is far too dependent on paper sources and fairly clueless on the ground
1	What Russian literaute ought to be In a letter to the Fourth Congress of Soviet Writers Solzhenitsyn writes, "Lierature that is not the breath of contemporary society, that dares not transmit the pains and fears of that society, that does not warn in time against threatening moral and social dangers - such literature does not deserve the name of literature; it is only a façade." Cancer Ward is no façade. A truly moving story of life and death, disease and recovery, Cancer Ward is a novel with impact. The characters are brilliantly portrayed and it is they who tell the story. From loyal party member Pavel Nikolayevich to labor camp survivor Oleg Kostoglotov and through all the characters whose lives fit somewhere in between, the virtues and faults of socialism are examined, dissected, and layed out clearly for the reader. While his contemporaries were busy writing safe novels, novels which towed the party line and supported the prescribed views of Stalinism, Solzhenitsyn took a grave risk. He wrote novels which reflected truth. He wrote novels which portrayed the real life trials of the people. And, in the end, he wrote novels which were not published in the nation he so dearly loved. Make no mistake. Alexander Solzhenitsyn was no rebel. He truly loved his country and supported his government. His use of brutally honest literature was meant to strengthen his beloved country. It was Solzhenitsyn's hope that by portraying the weaknesses of his country he might help eliminate some of those problems. Alas, his works were largely ignored due to the unrelenting censorship of the Soviet government. Fortunately for the rest of the world his works were not lost. They found their way out of Russia and onto the stage of World Literature. For this we can all be thankful. Cancer Ward is an enriching novel and a worthy addition to anyone's library. This is not a book you want to pass up
1	Seaside Great book to use in the classroom. Beautiful illustrations. I have done a lot with Klimt in the classroom and this book will really help the young children enjoy him even more. And maybe inpsire lots of their own masterpieces
0	Abner Kneeland To prove America is a Christian nation David Barton cites the little known blasphemy conviction of Abner Kneeland. During the 1830s Kneeland,a former Universalist turned pantheist, was sentenced to sixty days in a Boston jail for ridiculing the deity of Christ. Barton cites Commonwealth v. Abner Kneeland as example of how early American jurisprudence defended Christianity. Either David Barton is a sloppy scholar or he is a man with a scary agenda. Does Barton believe that state governments should have the power to jail people for stating religious opinions contrary to his? Why else would he cite the Kneeland case? Kneeland should only be a curious anachronism, not a legal precedent.
1	"A Visit in the Damp and Dark Will Serve Much Better than the Lark..." Donna Jo Napoli's trademark technique of fleshing out a fairytale is in fine display in "The Magic Circle," her retelling of "Hansel and Gretel". Napoli's stories often reveal motivations behind some of the action that takes place in the traditional fairytales, reasoning out some of the fantastic elements and explaining the behaviour of the familiar characters; which usually results in the villain becoming more sympathetic and understandable. Such is certainly the case in "The Magic Circle", in which she explores the background of Hansel and Gretel's wicked witch. The hunchback woman is known as the Ugly One by all her neighbours, but has the gift of healing which she uses to aid pregnant women and sick people in her medieval Europe community. She is the proud mother of a beautiful little girl called Asa, and enjoys her simple life as midwife in her country cottage. But her friend Bala has other ideas, getting her work with wealthy families and in researching demonic activity so that Ugly One may earn some more money - with much of the proceeds going to Bala of course. Ugly One is unsure about extending her talents to exclude exorcisms, knowing the danger is extremely great, but as a devout Christian and a healer she feels compelled to comply with Bala's wishes - surely God will aid her, and no harm will come to her if she places herself within a magic circle that will protect her from the demons' tricks. After cleansing a little boy from a demon's influence, Ugly One knows that she has found her new calling in life. But once several years pass, her confidence in her own abilities grow and in a mistake that will haunt her forever, she is careless with the protective magic circle. What follows is an escalating series of events that has her transformed into a witch by the vengeful demons and tied to a stake by the terrified villagers. Bartering with the demons for her daughter's life, Ugly One manages to use her newfound malevolent powers to escape and hide in the forest. In Napoli's book the term `witch' is used in the traditional Christian sense, not the New Age one, so be prepared for a negative usage of the word (personally I found it quite refreshing this way - evil witches are so rare these days!) However, it's not so black and white, for though Ugly One can no longer shed tears, bleed or sleep, has demons whispering in her ears and an appetite for children, she is determined to not give in to her weaknesses. Living in isolation, she manages to keep the demons at bay - until she hears the voices of two lost children outside her home... Napoli's story is poignant and thought-provoking, as she raises questions concerning the nature of evil, the will of God and the strength of the individual against temptation. Like all her other books, her spin on a traditional folktale is fascinating and will change your perception of "Hansel and Gretel" forever. Although her interpretation of the gingerbread house is a little weak and a revelation concerning Bala is raised only to be ignored, "The Magic Circle" is an intriguing little book. The demons and magical rituals mentioned are all based in real Biblical and Occult study (so you'll learn something practical alongside the retold fairytale!) and its length means you can probably finish it within a day. Though it is not my favourite Napoli novel (that would have to be "Zel" and "Spinners"), "The Magic Circle" is a great little read.
1	Magnificent White Horse is nothing less than the greatest epic poem in the English language. It is the crowning glory of Christendom's greatest wordsmith
0	Dead stall... Warning spoilers... In the worst installment of a bad series, Fitzchivalry wont die. Perhaps the most interesting plot point of this whole contrived series is wasted entirely. Fitz, who died, and rose again has his potentially interesting ordeal descrobed in perhaps the most boring way possible. I supposed his dead body was infused with both wolf personality and human for a while (I guess souls mix when they are contained in a tiny brain), and of course the seizures. Seizures trouble Fitz for a while, as long as they are convenient to the plot, and then, of course, they totally vanish. While I found it really interesting that Fitz used to be dead, and the ramifications of that, we find that there are no ramifications whatsoever, except for a brief period of eliminate-the-wolf-behavior rehab. I mean, he was reanimated after a period of time, but that's no big deal I guess. Robin Hobb is such a good story teller, but she is horrible at plot. Except in the Liveship traders series, but she must have written that one entirely differently, because you can't tell that this is the same author. What she is good at is writing loveable characters, and slowly feeding you tidbits of knowledge about interesting things as the characters "learn" about them. In other words she can "feed the fire" of the story well to keep interest. But that doesn't mean she does it consistently, and this book is a great example of how even Hobb can utterly fail. Robin relys solely on you LOVING the characters (which I feel she herself does) and she allows that to distract you from reasonable pacing. This book starts out slow, then begins the ending phase of the master plot, and slowly slowly slowly panders through that and then ends in a rush. Not to mention the fact that she knows nothing about plausibility. This whole series is based on a character that is as loveable as your little brother, yet supposedly kills without compunction. You know, an assassin. This series asks people a simple question. How would you describe an assassin? Prior to reading this series you might say ruthless, cold, cruel, at best disaffected and callous. Crafty certainly. After reading this book, you would say, kind, affectionate, and loves dogs? Add to that loyal to himself first, good natured, well liked, and an advisor to royalty? So is Robin Hobb rethinking the role of an assassin? No, you can't do that. An assassin is an assassin. You can't change that FACT. No, she's creating a hero who was trained as an assassin, but who only functions as an assassin very very very few times at all, since that is a nasty business. As kind and good natured as Fitz is, he never once questions the morality of killing someone because he was told in the weighty manner such a question deserves. He never is actually put to any test. So, Robin creates a hero, calls him an assassin, and swings the plot around to have him doing everying imaginable EXCEPT functioning as a cold-hearted killer. He's a spy, a soldier, a telepathy partner, a wolf-buddy, and for some reason everyone just thinks he ought to be the hero. When everything comes together, everyone just says Fitz, be the hero. For no good reason at all (because you have telepathy does that make you the guy to go to?). [...] Perhaps Robin thought the weirdness of the ending scenes would add a sort of tension, and of course, they were being persued, and so I guess that added drama. But of course, the main threat, the "forged ones" were not really a threat anymore, but of course, you still have to resolve that issue, and was neatly done in the end. But I felt the whole story, the drama of the "forged ones" really wasn't so dramatic, and I just don't get what caused them to behave just like they did. On a fantasy scale, it was new, but not very interesting. Robin does much better with dragons in the Liveship traders, and these dragons are just stupid. And Verity-as-dragon is perhaps the dumbest of all. Over all a slow build up for an overall letdown. If I began Robin Hobb with this series, I would have never read her again. I am forcing myself to finish the Tawny man series now, because I WANT to like her stuff. But I don't know if I will EVER find enough time to finish that sleeper series. Overall, try Ship of Magic, unless you are already invested in this, and have to have closure
0	The Mysterious Flame of Queen Loana As an Eco fan, I could not wait to read his latest novel. Sadly, I was deeply disappointed by this pompous, self-indulgent, virtually unreadable monster. The cultural and literary references are obscure and incomprehensible unless you are a 70-something Italian librarian.
1	The lights are going out all over Europe... "The Guns of August" documents the events, conversations, strategies, and expectations that unfolded across Europe from July to September 1914. To brutally paraphrase the 500 pages of Barbara Tuchman's genius....in regards to the outbreak of World War I, virtually everything that was expected didn't happen, and everything that could have gone wrong did. Contrary to the "domino effect" jargon we're taught in high school (the war was a spontaneous reaction to Archduke Ferdinand's assassination), Tuchman illustrates quite convincingly (as German primary sources have supported...read Kaiser Wilhelm II and General Moltke's speeches and memoirs), this war had years in the planning. In the movie "Thirteen Days", President Kennedy uses the book as a means to deride his hawkish generals and what he considers their poor sense of long-sighted policymaking. He uses the mistakes made by the generals in "The Guns of August" as examples. But the book is not about the idiocy of generals, or even politicians. The book does not lay blame or point fingers. And when the book does pass judgment (stubborn Joffre's Plan 17 should have been aborted much sooner), it reciprocates in later pages (Joffre's stubbornness helps turn the German right flank). The one question underlying the entire book is "What if?" What if the Belgians at Liege hadn't fought? What if von Kluck hadn't swung his First and Second Armies inland? What if Britian had refused to add its troops to the French Sixth Army? What if the German captain hadn't been killed and the German HQ battle plans not been intercepted? Every page offers these "What ifs", and it keeps the reader on his/her toes. This book also shuts up the armchair generals who glance over a war, like a road crew worker on Monday morning discussing a football game, and says, "What idiots...why didn't they do this? Why didn't they do that? How could they not see what was coming?" "The Guns of August" answers these questions, and when the situations are examined up close and personal, it's clear that the men running Europe made about as reasonable, logical, and cautious decisions as can be made in wartime. We have the luxury of not only hindsight, but of viewing the war as a whole. In the middle of the war, a field officer knows only the battle around him and what information he receives from other officers. Spread a rumor around your work or school, and in a single week see how distorted the rumor has become from the original one you spread. Now pass a vital piece of information up and down lines of divisions and corps and armies during a full-fledged world war and see how great your communication is. You don't need to be a military historian to follow this book. There are maps to help the confused reader. If there are wartime lessons to learn from the book, they are these: remain strategically flexible, know your enemy, and plan for contingencies
1	Good! Not the best Anne book, but good! :-) It's 'good' to see some conflict in Anne and Gilbert's marriage instead of the sweet but forced bliss in ANNE OF WINDY POPLARS and ANNE'S HOUSE OF DREAMS
0	Absurdity I'm not a big fan of existentialism to start out with, but I began this play expecting at least to find an interesting theme or philosophy concerning the nature of life and existence. This work, however, is pure tripe. Critical appraisal should not even be attempted for this drivel- it's akin to the random scribblings of a two-year old or a mud-splattered canvas. The drawing on the front cover has more artistic value than this play. In my mind, it doesn't merit serious consideration and analysis, because it is by nature pure absurdity and nonsense. Beckett sure accomplished his goal though- look how many reviewers commented on the "extremely difficult themes" and "brilliant artistry" of the play
1	Braiding: Easy Styles Great book, easy to read. Lots of information about different hair types and braiding tips. Step-by-step instruction on braiding techniques and braiding styles for all age groups and ethnic backgrounds. If you're into hair cosmetology this is a must have.
0	not good science while I appreciate what Tipler was attempting to accomplish, he fails miserabley both from a theological and a scientific perspective. skip this one!
1	Fantastic read This is a fantastic book! Richard Feynman is a fascinating person and an excellent writer. His view of the world is exciting and interesting and his life experiences make for enjoyable stories. One lesson that comes through in this book is 'Think', don't be afraid to stop and think about something, a problem, a point of view, etc. Through these stories and the life of Richard Feynman, we are all shown what it is to live a life well. Get this book!
1	A book of facts and not guess work George Catlin is certainly a man to admire, as is this book.Catlin lived amongst the Native Americans for many years and writes carefully of his experiences.This is an interesting read and provides another dimension to the subject of American Indians.The book is fascinating in as much as Catlin portrays himself as a wordly man and a friend of the Indians ( And he certainly was)but despite that you can still find evidence of his ignorance within the text.Nevertheless he was a fascinating man who had a fascinating life,his artwork allthough basic in my mind, is well worth a look.My only critiscm of this book is that quite some time is spent describing the scenery whereas I would have prefered even more writing on the Indians themselves,that is my personal viewpoint, others may find that intruiging.The book is full of facts and personal experiences and that in itself adds to the validity of this book as musthave for your collectio
0	What a piece of GARBAGE This comic is so stupid. When you boil it down, it's NOTHING but " White people do this, and black people do THIS" jokes with "Bush is stupid!" thrown into the mix. This is like an officially licensed webcomic. Not worth the money, or time to read it. And despite it's OCCAISIONAL message against racism, the jokes are usually racist. People who will enjoy this book are those who are too lazy to read a real boo
0	Disappointed Golden Age fan Giordano is a pro from way back in the day... he hasn't been able to adjust to the changing styles and this art book is a sad display of that fact. I recommend getting a straight art instruction book from Bridgman, Hogarth, or Loomis. This book shows his deplorable lack of anatomy knowledge (seemed to be mainstay back in the 50's a la Ditko & Kirby anatomy), his simplistic 3D construction, and overdrawn oval shaped good girls, etc. He also graduated from the Wally Wood school of art where if you didn't know how to render anatomy you blacked it out. Still, he was one of the prime lenders to the modern comic language, so I suppose this is some publisher's way of patting him on the head and saying thanks for the memories. Don't expect to come away with any newer material already covered in "How to Draw Comics the Marvel Way" by Stan Lee and Buscema (very simplistic book but the comic dynamics are much better) or any new sensitivity to modern storytelling. This book CAN NOT prepare you for any MODERN styles. Ranks slightly better than a Christopher Hart book (need I say more...?)
1	When Heaven Invades Your Earth! A life-altering book, read at all costs. Sermons put together in book form about stuff you really must put into action in your life if you really want to live
0	A mid-brow read Waller, why are you writing this stuff? You're an elderly gent, retired I assume, who made a bundle off the sugary-sweet and sappy BRIDGES OF MADISON COUNTY. Take the big money you made and run brother--quit demonstrating your literary nincompoopismo!
0	Freedom Train: A Boring Book About A Slave This isn't a very good book. It might be good if you're in love with history and you like reading 'Harriet freed slaves. She took them to Canada.' over and over again. Someone would read this and think Harriet Tubman was boring. If this is Harriet Tubman's life, then my life is cool. In other words,beware. This book is only for school reports. I wouldn't say this is a good book by any means. It's like being in slavery when you're reading this. I'd do math homework before this even crossed my mind
0	Woeful I have been reading Cornwell for about a decade now and in the 1990's I thought of her as one of the very best of the best writers out there. Her first 5 or 6 novels were tremendous but since then she has slowly tapered off into mediocrity and this book - Trace - represents an all-time low. The thing that got me was the level of the writing, it just seemed so flat and lifeless. I found it repetitive in the first chapter when Scarpetta is saying to herself that "she should have been told....". It just seemed so ordinary, almost as if someone else was writing this book and not a talented novelist like Cornwell.
0	Nothing Special I had rated this book a "two" in relation to other Koontz books I have read. The book is entertaining enough, but is not very unique in relation to other books that Koontz has written. Koontz appears to have somewhat of a formula when creating main charachters. Often there is a primary charachter who appears to be rather basic at the beginning, but through later description becomes more complex due to an unusual background. Koontz books often have the aforementioned charachter utilize their unusual background to overcome difficult obstacles usually in order to save a loved one. I believe Koontz tries to express certain generalties, some of which have moral and religious undertones: In the end, good overcomes evil and often evil by its destructive nature, destroys itself. Love is worth fighting and dieing for. Love is stronger than evil. What does not kill you, makes you stronger. Evil knows no socioeconomic boundaries. The key to happiness is love, not material gain. Evil lurks where you least expect it
0	Sinks like a stone, stinks like a monkey This is the first book by Deaver that I have read. Apparently there are a couple of prequels to this novel involving the same main characters -- I will never read them. Deaver has adequate style and a talent for pacing a mystery thriller. He also has some skill in character development; however, he only applies this skill to the secondary characters in this story. Perhaps the main characters in this story appeared so flat to me because I have not read the other novels in this series, but judging by their inconsistent behavior, bizarre motivations, and the melodramatic dialogue in this novel I doubt the other books could be much better. Worse than Deaver's hackneyed mystery cut-out-characters is his insistence that the reader be willing to accept the most unbelievable and unlikely situations for the sake of a dramatic situation or plot twist. Like many other second-drawer mystery writers, Deaver portrays such notable organizations as the FBI, INS, US Coast Guard, and the NYPD as ridiculously inept and corruptible. Nor has he made any attempt to research the actual policies and procedures that these organizations would follow in the situations presented in the story. Deaver also has a poor grasp on the politics of international economics. This is normally excusable in a mystery writer, but since Deaver sets Chinese/American economics as the foundation of his final plot twist the whole story comes crashing down in the final chapters of the novel. A note to Deaver and other mystery writers: it is not a requirement for a great detective to be a pompous jerk and an abrasive know-it-all. It has been 115 years since Doyle introduced the world to Sherlock Holmes, and we have had 115 years of mediocre mystery writers plagiarizing Doyle's character. Please try to be original. And also, if the final "twist" in your story is so complicated and so unbelievable that you must expend two chapters in trying to explain it, perhaps it shouldn't be there in the first place. I give this book a D.
1	Automotive History A great book! The author is big on automotive history, so you will know more about the industry and the people that formed it. Walter Chrysler just seems to be the man he tells the story around. I have found interest in other people from this time frame to read about too from this book
1	Grade school mental workout!!! This book is the best of its kind--nothing comes close to the number and variety of mental puzzles of various levels of difficulty...word games, optical tricks, math puzzles, et cetera. This book is amazing. I've given several to teachers. Excellent for third grade up to high school. The only thing I'd change about the book is the color: the book only has black, white, gray and blue
1	Fascinating read on the changing of Victorian society! I just finished this nice long read, and I must say it was very well written: Trollope shows us a fascinating view of how the changes in society can affect the people living in it. We are given a view of all sorts of characters: from the volatile, swindler Melmotte to the swaggering, gambling coward Felix Carbury, to his antithesis, his staid, country cousin Roger Carbury, and Felix's silly & conniving mother Lady Carbury, to his sweet & saintly sister Hetta Carbury...the mousey Marie Melmotte, the marriage schemer Georgiana Longestaffe, the wonderful yet fallible Paul Montague, and the independent & brash American, Mrs. Hurtle. These & many other characters collide to give us a fascinating read, as their lives intertwine again & again, on so many levels. The staid & proper upper-crust Victorian society of yesteryear is slowly melting away, as English virtue & honor is being overtaken by lying, cheating, swindling, stealing, and much more. Where being a proper, honorable gentleman used to bring its own reward, now it is the more "modern" social rules that are taking effect in London society. Will virtue or vice triumph in the end? An excellent read, highly recommended!
1	Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle, Mrs. Grassfeather, Mrs. Ragbag...Where does it end? This book is great. If you ever have a problem with your child's behavior, Mrs. Piggle Wiggle is the one to call. Her outrageous solutions to common child behavior ailments seem to work well. In most cases she recommends letting the child wallow in his or her own awful behavior until rock bottom is reached. Only then is the child aware of the real-life consequences for bad behavior. A perfect book for teaching personal responsibility. Not to mention it's filled with fun names like Mrs. Moohead, Mrs. Broomrack, and Mrs. Crankminor. My only complaint is Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle herself is present for only a very small percentage of the book, and the book ends without even going back to her. I was thinking (and hoping) she'd be on every page. This goes to show you, Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle, who loves kids more than anybody, still lets them bring on their own suffering when it comes to correcting a major attitude problem. If a kid doesn't want to eat...shoot, let the kid starve. If the kid doesn't want to pick up toys, then let the kid get trapped in clutter. Show kids what it's like to have to clean up their own mess instead of cleaning up their mess for them all the time. (This doesn't apply to diaper changes of course.) In addition to the elaborate Piggle-Wiggle cures, the kids in the book get a spanking from their parents every now and then, especially after playing around with the laundry chute. Sorry kids, can't do that
1	A GREAT BOOK! I have been waiting days for this book, and it finally came today. Honestly, I expected it to have your standard sword exercises and cuts, but it contains stances and techniques that I have never even heard of, while some are familiar to me. Thanks to having a hardwood bokuto (which I also purchased off of this website), I can now incorporate new exercises into my practice. Even though Hatsumi-Sensei is a ninja, he is well-versed in the culture of the samurai and the sword as well. I recommend it to all aspiring swordsmen
0	Europe is so wonderful! So picturesque! (Too bad it's inhabited by all those Europeans.) In 1990 Bill Bryson set out to "do Europe". He says that his motivation was to relive his experiences from tours in Europe in 1972 and 1973 when he was a young student wandering around Europe with a backpack. In reality it seems as if the primary reason for Bill Bryson to do this trip was so that he could then write a funny book about the trip. "Neither Here Nor There" is, in fact, a very funny book, at least in the beginning. Bill Bryson can describe situations in a very humorous way, and he's willing to make fun of himself, as well as everything around him. Unfortunately, after a while the humor wears thin. Then it wears very thin. Then you begin to dissect the humor, and realize that you've been had. Bill Bryson's method of traveling is to emulate the kind of tourism we all like to ridicule. He typically arrives by train in a new city in the evening. He has no hotel reservation so he has to spend time finding a hotel that is not really what he wanted. He sees "the sights" that one is supposed to see in that city. He makes no effort to get in touch with the local people, to learn about their lives, or to understand their country and society. He spends typically 2-3 days in each city and then goes to work on figuring out how to get to the next city or country on his list, which often leads to further complications. This is obviously not the way to travel if you're writing a travel book. Nobody in their right mind would want to read about this kind of traveling. But Bill Bryson is not writing a travel book, he's writing a funny book, and he has a sure-fire recipe: 1. Do things in problematic ways, and then make fun of all the trials and tribulations that result. 2. Mix in lots of flashbacks to the trips of your youth, with much juvenile humor related to the drives that young men are so driven by. 3. Feign incomprehension about everything foreign and satirize everything that is unfamiliar. 4. Make funny remarks intended to reinforce national prejudices. This last type of humor can be especially tiring. Here are a few examples to illustrate what I mean: "Let's face it, the French Army couldn't beat a girls' hockey team." (pg 32) "The (German) women still don't shave their armpits. ... They all look so beautiful and stylish, and then they lift up their arms and there's a Brillo pad hanging there." (pg 91) "In Norway, three people and a bottle of beer is a party; in Sweden the national sport is suicide." (pg 97) "But the most preposterous law of all, a law so pointless as to scamper along the outer reaches of the surreal, is the Swedish one that requires motorists to drive with their headlights on during the daytime." (pg 110) "I love the way the Italians park. You turn any street corner in Rome and it looks as if you've just missed a parking competition for blind people." (pg 123) In conclusion, if you're someone who "did Europe" in your youth and you want to relive fond memories in a humorous way, then you may well like this book. Most other readers will probably start out laughing, then smiling, then wondering why the jokes seem to have lost their appeal, and finally ending up wishing they'd picked a real travel book or a real humorous book. Rennie Petersen PS. Just for the record, here is a list of the places covered: Norway (Hammerfest, Oslo), France (Paris), Belgium (Brussels, Bruges, Spa, Durbuy), Germany (Aachen, Cologne, Hamburg), Holland (Amsterdam), Denmark (Copenhagen), Sweden (Gothenburg, Stockholm), Italy (Rome, Naples, Sorrento, Capri, Florence, Milan, Como), Switzerland (Brig, Geneva, Bern), Liechtenstein, Austria (Innsbruck, Salzburg, Vienna), Yugoslavia (Split, Sarajevo, Belgrade), Bulgaria (Sofia), Turkey (Istanbul)
0	IT 645 College Book Review This book does not go well with the class, I would suggest to any university that is using this book for IT 645 class, to find a different author.
0	A terrible oversight I generally respect Hillman, but he has wildly misconstrued the nature of war. His basic failure is an utter lack of examining the gendered nature of warfare. In short: Men make war. Yes, there plenty of instances where women engage in war, but those are far and away the exception and not the rule. Both the leaders who build wars and the soldiers who fight them are almost exclusively male. This is a consistent fact across all cultures around the globe and throughout history. Broadly speaking, women simply do not make war. This single and glaring oversight immediately destroy's Hillman's hypothesis that war is somehow a universal human archetype
0	Bad book from a mad communist Here in Brazil, about ten years ago, I tried to read this bad book, but I never finished it.I tried to read, one book printed in Argentina, wrote in spanish.This book is bad about even guerrilla warfare. In fact, never any of the tatics describe in this book gave victory to any army or revolution.The sucess in Cuba, came not from victory in battle.In fact, never happened a single battle in cuban revolution.It came from the cowardy of Batista and his mafia's government. Ever when an army or even mercenaries TRIED to defeat Che Guevara, they got it, very fast and whith no dificulties.This happened in Congo, to exemple.Finally, in Bolivia, who wasn't and never was a military power, Che was ridiculous at guerrilla.Even so, Che Guevara was easily defeated in Bolivia, and murdered soon after surrendered in 1967. In fact, any guerrilla in this world got any military victory, using Guevara's tatics and theories. Many parts of Latin America had communists taking power, but in any of then using guerrilla warfare. The ever used Gramsci's theories and books to take the power. Brazil is an exemple.Our communists tried some guerrillas, using Cuba's money and support between 1960 and 1974.All of then were easily and fast defeated. After all, our left has total control of this coutry, but from press, scools, TVs, etc. control. As Antonio Gramsci wrote in 1930's Italy, when the left controls the intelectuals, the media, the school sistem, all society is put under left's control without a single shot. This happened in Brazil, Argentina, Bolivia, Venezuela,etc
0	your head will split open and ooze goop after reading this All I can say is pass me some aspirin. This is a dozy of a bad novel. As it says on the dust jacket, a Supreme Court law clerk grabs a petition and ends up becoming deceased. Its up to the brother to uncover the truth by finding the real killer who had let a poor black man rot away for a crime he did not commit. At the same time the brother contends with mysterious bad guys out to get him and stop the unearthing of the evidence. Not only does he deal with his family, but his brothers friend, a sexy young law clerk herself and the duplicity on the bench she works for. And that's only the start of the plot. Its really pretty bad, it descends into mired pretensions and goofy resolutions. The characters are so shallow that you are left with little notion of who they are except for a faint nasty after taste over their conceded ways. Baldacci is along with James Patterson and Dean Koontz one of America's worst authors. If you want an author who writes on a similar vein to this, try one of Harlan Coben's last four or so stand alone thrillers with out the character Myron Bolitar in it. Or for a more sophisticated read, look for Denis Lehane, he wrote the amazing Mystic River, but his PI series located in Boston is pretty good as well.
0	More New Historicism If one is interested in the latest nonsense from the academy, this time dressed up in New Historicist colors, buy this book. If one is interested in either American literary realism or contract law, however, one is better off actually reading those texts and trying to understand them
1	A book to reread frequently One of the most wonderful things about Rabbi Kushner's writings is that he isn't afraid to tackle the hard questions. If we indeed have a Shepherd, why isn't He doing a better job? To this question, Kushner says, "the psalmist would teach us to see the world, without illusions that nothing bad will ever happen, but without the fear that we will be utterly destroy This is a lovely book full of hope and wisdom. Drawing on the individual lines of the Twenty-Third Psalm, Rabbi Kushner (known best for his book Why Bad Things Happen to Good People) creates 15 essays that are thought-provoking and inspiring. He outlines the historical background of the words of the psalm, noting "The earliest ancestors of the Hebrew People who gave us the Bible were nomads, owning no property, bound to no one location but traveling with their flocks and herds wherever there was pastureland for the animals to graze on." The analogy of God to a shepherd makes perfect sense in that environment. The beauty of the analogy is that it still speaks to us today. The image which is evoked is one of caring and greater knowledge. ed by the things that do happen." Kushner is skilled at relating Biblical literature to questions and concerns of today. He relates the verse to terrorists, Einstein and daily living. He provides insights and advice as to how we can live our lives more effectively. His words also provide hope to all of us: "You may have to work hard to earn your living...But you don't have to work hard in order to feel good about yourself. All you have to do is stop striving, relax, and say to yourself, I feel good about who I am." This slim volume will stay in a handy place in my home for years to come. It's a book I will come back to again and again for wisdom, courage and peace
0	Teach your children about &quot;ugliness&quot; A to Z has a big problem in my opinion. It is a very simple children's book with some very cute illustrations of animals (A to Z). Each animal is engaged in an action that also begins with the first letter of it's name (e.g. Kangaroos Kissing). There are lots of made up animals, I'm assuming to account for the rarity of animals beginning with &quot;Q&quot; and &quot;X&quot; etc. The part that I don't like is the fictitious &quot;Uglybirds&quot; whose action is simply &quot;Being Ugly&quot;. The illustration that goes along with this so-called ugliness is very disturbing. The &quot;Uglybirds&quot; have atypical bird features that seem intentional. They are green and purple, and have messed up feathers and big bulging eyes and are very &quot;Different&quot; from the &quot;normal&quot; birds in this and other books. Upon reading this, my wife and I agreed that we would never repeat this section while reading to our daughter. Although I do intend on teaching my daughter about ugliness (Racism, Violence, contempt, etc.). I think that it is a quality that shouldn't be used to describe physical appearance. When my daughter encounters a person who is physically unusual, I hope that I have instilled in her the values to disregard what others might find &quot;Ugly&quot;. I know that some might think that I'm overanalyzing such an innocent entry in a child's book, I think that parents need to be more careful about the messages that they are sending about ugliness
1	Great Boxed Set Enjoy the future classics of Tolkien with this boxed set. Young and Adult Readers alike will lose themselves in the journey of the brave Hobbits and friends as they fight to save Middle Earth
1	Excellent Expository Text In _The Lacanian Subject: Between Language and Jouissance_, Bruce Fink delivers a clear and comprehensive account of the notion of the subject as it operates in Lacanian theory and clinical practice. The book's focus, of course, is much broader than this: this is a text that could serve as a superb introduction to Lacanian psychoanalysis, to be read while studying _Ecrits_ and the Seminar. He begins by elaborating Lacan's ideas on the subject's entrance into language and the rules that govern the language as Other. Then he goes on to explicate the implications of this for subjectivity, ethics, sexuality, and psychoanalytic theory--all the while staying true to the clinical roots of these concepts. Fink provides clarification through the use of great examples, easy-to-follow schemas, a few of his own case histories, and by referring back to Freud's classic cases. This book really helped me understand some key issues in Lacan's theoretical constellation. If you need help wrestling with Lacan's texts, _The Lacanian Subject_ is recommended. Also recommended: _A Clinical Introduction to Lacanian Psychoanalysis_ and _Lacan to the Letter_, both by Bruce Fink
1	A Satirical Masterpiece Satirical. Sarcastic. Ironic. Humorous. Salinger is the master at the concept of deriding and satirizing the elements of life. This book reveals the emotional roller coaster of a teenage boy's life. The story starts off with a moody teenager, Holden Caulfield. He is expelled from his third school, Pencey, and decides to hang around in New York City before heading back home. In New York, Holden experiences the highs and lows of his life. One minute, he is in a very elated state and then the next minute, he is down in the dumps. As Holden journeys through the nice neighborhoods to the slums in NYC, he realizes what the true world holds in store for him. Holden encounters run down hotels, clubs filled with losers, and plain old phoniness. But he also meets kind and generous people who, in a way, provide a light to Holden and shows him that the world isn't all that bad. Holden continually criticizes the phony life led by all those he knew through school and friends. When he tries to run away from it all, he encounters even more problems with money shortage, unfriendly people, and just plain bad luck which lead him to complain about everything. Salinger masters the art of satire to emphasize his message that being phony causes the person to lose their true identity and makes them assume another identity which they cannot live with at all. As Holden tries to rediscover himself and his values, he finds out that his life is not bad at all compared to the bunch of phonies he meets
0	Not what was expected Only basic info on planning a project and included plans are just a teaser to get you to purchase complete plans. There are much better general barn/shed books
0	Irritable Diet My wife an I bought the book and tried the diet. We could not last the 2 weeks on phase 1. Neither of us can stand the taste of fish, so our limited choices were limited even more. The first week went okay, but by the second week, we noticed that we had become quite irritable. We did not want to see another salad, cheese stick, chicken, or lean ground beef. It was not so much that we craved breads, pastas, and candy. We missed fruit. Even though it would only be a few more days to reach phase 2, we decided to ignore this book and start with a diet based on the government guidelines (the "dreaded" low-fat, high-fiber, portion control diet). In addition, we made exercise a part of our daily routine. Our moods improved quickly, Weight is coming off. We are getting stronger and more fit. It's been about a month since we quit South Beach and we are happy with our current diet and have no desire to dump it. One thing South Beach did teach us was the importance of snacking. It really helps with portion control and hunger issues. Only, we changed it from cheese and nuts to no-fat yogurt, fruit, or veggies
0	If forced to choose between this book & a visit to the gynecologist -- head for the stirrups. Here's the thing -- I wanted to learn the story of Isolde and that is why I picked up this book in the first place. I have read one other Miles book (I, Elizabeth) and that wasn't very impressive but I thought I'd give Isolde a try. It was painful! Miles chronically uses flamboyant and overstated language which just feels silly. Her characters are very poorly developed. Also, the author has a strange habit of often not setting up scenes which is resultingly jolting -- leaves the reader thinking, 'Wait! Where the heck did that come from?' After reading this book, I couldn't decide if I was more annoyed with the author for writing like this or with her editors for publishing such weak, unskilled writing.
0	Worst book I have read in a long time! I have never read a Danielle Steel novel, but my friend bought it when we were inter-railing through Europe last week so I picked it up out of sheer boredom. The grammar is atrocious, and the repetitiveness highly irritating. How many times do Sasha and what's his name need to break up and get back together? How often does Sasha need to cry about this artsy guy? This book was so annoying that I had to literally put it down and stop reading it. I will never pick up another Danielle Steel book, and I am still appalled that the publishing world even let this one be published!
0	Great reads ruined by horrible characters The other reviewers will tell you about the book. I've read most of Preston and Child's works, including the other two books in this trilogy, and they are a good read. What gets very old and nauseating is the continual saps to modern feminism. I guess it's a necessity to get published today, but you'd think that at least SOME male authors would get tired of grovelling just to get published. I guess most people will sell their souls for money. Just about all the men in P and L's books are either wimps, effiminate, weak, bumbling, stupid (or liars or murderers), cry-babies, scared of their own shadows, and thoroughly unlikable (even Pendergast has his moments). The women, of course, are, without exception, tough, brilliant, shrewd, fearless, always right, on the rise to the top, always outsmarting the men, able to knock out a 7 foot, 300 pound man with a single karate chop to the neck (forgive the slight hyperbole), totally unfeminine, and just as unlikeable as the men. The stories are very good; it's unfortunate Preston and Child couldn't have come up with better, more realisticly human, less insulting characters. This slop may play in New York and California, but in Texas we still want our men to be men and our women to be women. So this is just a warning. If you're a MAN--and those of you who are know what I mean--you'll get sick of the characters in these books.
0	Knocked-up Ebony Mamas Wittgenstein said that the purpose of a popularization is to make people think they understand something they don't understand. What seems to be a common current of science popularizations is that they "explain" things in such a simplified way that the reader who actually wants to get down to brass tacks is completely mystified. Einstein's book on relativity is a case in point, as is this book in which the candid reader is informed that "Objects at rest tend to remain at rest, therefore heavier objects will fall faster in a gravitational field." Got that? If so, maybe you can explain it to me. Listen, I know something about Physics. Back in the seventies I built a particle accelerator out of a blow drier and a box of Mike and Ikes.
0	Criminal Mistranslation of "Boule de suif" Boule de Suif is the story that made Maupassant famous, a story admired by his mentor Flaubert shortly before he died. The translation in this volume has been in circulation since 1903. It is done by someone who does not know the French language at all and is full of astonishing howlers. It is depressing to think that the English-speaking world has read this great story in such a dreadful translation for a century. Some examples of the translator's incompetence: "choqua" translated as "choked" (should be "shocked") "grouillaient" translated as "grumbled" (should be "swarmed") "interloque" translated as "interlocutor" (should be "struck dumb") "glissaient" translated as "glistened" (should be "slipped) "inattendue" translated as "unwitting" (should be "unexpected") "entre deux couplets" translated as "between the two rows of people" (should be "between verses") "grallait une pipe sur le siege" translated as "had a lighted pipe under the seat" (should be "smoked a pipe on the seat") "Il sont verts" translated as "he is very green" (should be "sour grapes") "par convenance" translated as "for convenience" (should be "out of propriety) "defiant" translated as "defiant" (should be "mistrustful") "propre" translated as "proper" (should be "clean") "malpropre" translated as "improper" (should be "dirty") "lapin" translated as "little wolf" (should be "rabbit") "le faisant s'interesser a des choses qui, vraiment, ne le regardaient guere" translated as "making themselves interested in things that, in truth, they would never think of noticing" (should be "making God interested in things that, in truth, were no concern of his") "ce ton... que les hommes poses emploient avec les filles" translated as "tone... after the manner of men having girls in their employ" (should be "the tone... that men of experience use with prostitutes") The text is entirely denatured in this appalling anonymous translation, which should never have been distributed commercially.
1	All 13 stories It looks like Amazon has taken the reviews of the audio casette set with the same name and put them on this product. There are 13 stories and not 5 as the cassette reviews state. They take up 6 CDs. There is one technical flaw. The labeling is wrong on four of the CDs. The number is correct (1-6) but the list of stories on 3 and 5 are swapped and 4 and 6 are swapped. Once you solve that mystery things go well. These are short stories and not novels so you should not expect complex plot development or character descriptions. They are a good way to kill half an hour of otherwise wasted time in your life.
0	Another soap opera There is no doubt that Antonia Fraser's "The Journey" is written in the author's usual wry, witty and highly engaging style (although I must say that I never before heard of sex described as "lugubrious.") There is also no doubt that Fraser has done a great deal to redeem Marie-Antoinette's shredded reputation by accurately describing her as being compassionate to the hardships of the French people. The book is full of vivid detail which makes it very readable. However, I was disappointed to see that Fraser resorts to many popular misconceptions. For one thing, why does Fraser act like Marie Antoinette was the only princess to be sent away from home as a teenager to seal a dynastic marriage? What about Sophie of Anhalt-Zerbst (Catherine the Great) who was also a young stranger in a foreign land? This sort of thing happened all the time - it was what being a princess was all about. I was glad that Fraser did not fall into the myth of Louis XVI's impotence/ phimosis and surgery and all that. She simplistically portrays him as being asexual, which was not true, because he told his aunt after consummating his marriage that he enjoyed "it." But never has any other biographer subjected the reader to the spectacle of Fersen and the queen fiddling with primitive prophylactics while consummating their grand passion. I must say, it is a first. Fraser insists that Marie Antoinette slept with Fersen for many years and yet gives no solid proof, while at the same time maintaining that she was a woman of high moral character. I usually do not think of a woman who is shared by both a lover and a husband as having a high moral character, but I guess Fraser does. Oh, well. It is such romantic fantasies that turn this book into more of a soap opera than a serious biography. I found it absurd when Fraser insists that the tormented queen of France was ultimately a martyr for the cause of the socialism and democracy which the French people now enjoy. If the queen had had her way, her descendant would be reigning today, and that is just the reality of it. For a better study of Marie Antoinette's relationship with her husband, I would recommend Vincent Cronin's "Louis and Antoinette." As for better biographies of the queen, let me join some fellow reviewers in the hope that the works of Delorme and Bertieres will soon be available in English
0	Stereotype upon stereotype We are reading this book for our book group. I'm not sure if it made me uncomfortable because the perspective was so accurate or if it was because it never went beyond the stereotypes that I already have. I didn't like one character in the book. Even the dogs and the kid were annoying. While that may have been the result of good writing, the end product was that I was left feeling nothing but "ick." The characters seemed one dimensional even though a large amount of time was spent detailing their thoughts and opinions. I never understood the "why's" behind any of their actions, just their histories. Perhaps I was too slow to draw the conclusion. I felt like a big, over consumerized, ungrateful loser. If that's your thing, you may love the book.
0	G is for Gumshoe The second tape does not move backwards or forwards. I am very diappointed
0	Don't waste your money This book is a complete watse of time for the educated strength and conditioning coach. This book does not apply the latest theories and conditioning drills that will aid in your athlete's performance. Programs are not periodized and relay on outdated principles of reps/sets schemes. If your a beginner to weight training and conditioning then this book may be for you
1	The Best Of Catron I remain firmly in agreement with my good friends, who wrote the critique below. The very best of Catron's texts, this book inspires immediate enthusiasm and, therefore, interaction with the author. I'll hang onto my original hardcover copy until it turns to dust, and continue to use it while both writing and teaching. An inspired text
1	A beautiful book This set of articles, originally written for magazines and catlalogues, is one of the most eloquent collections of mountain writing I've yet come upon. The book is divided up into chapters such as 'Climbing with Style', which features articles about "the whole art of natural protection" written at the the start of the clean climbing revolution, and 'Further Aborad' which includes the authors account of a climb on Ama Dablam. One of the features I most enoyed about the book was the introductions to various historical figures such as Smoke Blanchard and Royal Robbins. And the memoir style accounts of what it was like for a small band of climbers to live in the mountains away from civilization getting their kicks out of the "simple joys" and living in bare subsistence, long before climbing turned into the popular sport which it might be called today. Doug Robinson is well qualified to write what he does, and his style is nice and clear without being base. Most of it is written in an autobiographical style, dealing with developments on the climbing and skiing scene for wenty odd years. If you are partial to a bit of Dharma Bums then get this book. Also anyone interested in the history of the Sierra Nevada
1	Revolutionary I used to hate lap swimming but now I love it, and it's because of this book. Laughlin has reinvented swim instruction. He's made it fun. He's made it easy. And the resulting stroke is heaven. The exercises do take some effort and dilligence to master. But if you go slow don't move on until you have mastered each exercise, as instructed, you'll open up a whole new world of swimming enjoyment. I often feel like I'm flying in the water. This former water buffalo now swims like a fish. Note: there's a brand new Total Immersion book being touted on the TI website, which I haven't read. You may want to look into that, instead. Also, some reviews and TI suggest the DVD as the best method, but that wasn't the case for me. In my case, it was the clear, detailed instructions in the book that made it happen.
1	Murder, Romance, Wine who could ask for more ! `The Villa' was magnificent Nora Roberts's novel. The basis story is about a family of wine makers who find themselves fighting to save the family business after numerous murders, bad business, affairs and fire ~ all with a mix of romance. This book has some nice twists that you will enjoy. If you are looking for fun romance with a story I would also suggest Kate Angell `Crazy for you' and The Ice House by Minette Walters
0	Not Anne Rice at her best... I may be repeating what others have said in previous reviews, but I just had to vent over this book. After reading Interview with the Vampire, and the other Vampire Chronicles before Merrick, I was highly disappointed over this book. The action and references to Voodun were vague and boring. The book revolves around a plot concocted by David Talbot and Louis the Vampire to use Merrick in order to contact the ghost of Claudia. Then, the book moves into this tedious tangent over the life of Merrick Mayfair, a character Anne Rice fails to develop as a complex individual. The action in this book is cheesy, typical, and EXTREMELY predictable. The book introduces characters that are related to Merrick, and it is not difficult to guess the fate of these characters as a reader. The vampires are barely portrayed as the mysterious, yet dangerous, and bloodlusting characters they once were in the previous novels. The vampires in Merrick, especially Louis, are portrayed as weak and gutless. Yes, Louis is a tortured soul, but his portrayal is severely watered down in this novel, and his weak nature is irritating to read about. Compare the vampires in Merrick to the same vampires portrayed in Queen of the Damned, like the characters of Akasha and Kayman, who enjoyed "devouring the marrow from their victims' bones". The vampires in Anne Rice's previous books captured the reader's attention with their viciousness, and vengeaful, yet human qualities. Anne Rice did not seem to balance these qualities in the novel Merrick as she did in her others. The action in this novel is painfully slow and without direction. The book is also full of references to David's annoying, perverse tendencies that were written merely to try to increase book sales. Skip this novel, and move on to one of her other vampire chronicles, preferrably her early novels. This just does not cut it
0	Why on earth would you want a Bible commentary from Morris? Henry Morris is neither a scientist nor a theologian. He's a hydraulics engineer-turned-author who's obsessively promoted the 7th Day Adventist doctrine of a "young earth creation" far outside the SDA denomination - doing nearly incalcuable damage to many churches. He's since gone on to promote the "King James Only" cult group which further seeks to spread 7th Day Adventist false doctrines among Baptist Fundamentalists, and even promoted a sort of astrology among Christians! Jesus said we'll know them by their fruits - Morris' fruit is churches ripped apart over the age of the Earth, and seekers convinced that the Bible isn't true because of Morris' bizarre interpretation of Genesis. Morris deserves nothing but a firm, unsympathetic rebuke for distorting the Bible, slandering other Christians ...and lying about science
0	What About "Nunning?" I am not surprised Nugent doesn't mention what he once claimed was his favorite teenaged pastime, "nunning." In an interview for "Oui" magazine in the early 80's, Nugent was all too ready and willing to explain to the interviewer just what this "nunning" was. As Nugent explained it: He and a friend would drive around churches, convents, Catholic schools etc. with whichever one of them was on the passenger side having a large street map laid out on their lap. Underneath the map, Nugent and pal would have his zipper undone and his penis hanging out. When they would spot a young nun who looked naive enough, they would ask her through the halfway opened car window for directions to a certain street or road. As she would walk over, the jerk with the map would playact at being confused, looking dumbfounded at it. When the poor sister would reach into the car so she can get a better look at what Nugent and friend were having trouble, Nugent or friend would then quickly roll up the window thus trapping the now terrified nun. Then Nugent or friend would toss away the map waving their penis in the poor nun's face and fondle her chest. This is the guy who has so much to say about morals, ethic and right living. This guy is a degenrate and his conservative Republican friends are all hypocrites when they have so much to say about "liberal celebrities" and never even acknowledge what this guy was so proud to brag about back in the 80's
1	helps kids adjust to middle school 'Space Station 7th Grade' is a great, funny, and enertaining book. My son is in the seventh grade and reading this book was like reading a real life story of a kid new to middle school. I really enjoyed the part of the book when Jason first had to take a shower after PE. Students having to run around in a huge shower room together naked as jay birds is many elementary kids 'worst nightmare'. My son's PE teacher has really good pointers, www bganssle com tsshowers html, for parents and kids who share this worry. Kids who feel awkward about their first showers at school, trust me and be like Jason in the book and give it a try. Soon any discomfort will pass. Do you have a son or daughter about to start middle school? Have them read Space Station 7th Grade. My son had to learn many new things when starting middle school, the book was a like a guide book to prepare him
0	Just Started I have just started this book and hope I don't have to read too many graphic autopsy reports. I didn't read The Surgeon but found I didn't have to as this book so far has made numerous references to it. It seems most of these stories are written by women and always have female M.E.s doing the autopsies
1	One Word: Scary! Scares me more than any terrorist, earthquake, comet or meteor from space ever could! As a med student and son and nephew of military doctors this book frightens me much more than my uncle's stories of Viet Nam casualties, or my father's dealings with injury victims in a big city hospital. The Coming Plague deals with our inability to truly comprehend a global disater out there just waiting to strike. With recent occurences such as Marburg's grip in Africa as well as SARS, AIDS continued spread, and Bird Flu in Asia, ordinary citizens and especially governments around the world had better wake up ... Seems that isn't happening. Even the CDC and WHO according to some of the early pioneers in the fight against infectious disease, are today filled with pencil pushers, bureaucrats and people that have no field experience. They have lost touch with the real world of microbes. Compare them to generals that have never been in any real combat abroad, but are commanding troops. This sobering book reveals that with all of our scientific knowledge and skill, we are not ready for a pandemic in the 21st century. That no we cannot totally fend off every serious microbe that comes our way, but that we'd better be prepared! Suspenseful, heroic, mysterious, unsettling and painfully sad at times, this book is very difficult to put down. The Bible of infectious diease. Full of astounding information. It is a must read for anyone curious about this monumentally important subject.
1	A great read for primates of all types I only discovered Edgar Rice Burroughs by accident a couple of years ago when I picked up a copy of this book "just because". It turned out to be far better and far cooler than any expectations I might've had. If you think you know Tarzan and haven't read this, I've got news for you. YOU DON'T KNOW TARZAN. He's a hundred times more savage and a thousand times more interesting than all those movie versions of the character. He's also surprisingly complex and sympathetic even as he slaughters nearly everything that crosses his path. I'm amazed this book was written nearly a hundred years ago. It's so graphic and unapologetic for Tarzan's bestial nature. That said, there are a few small flaws. Elements of the plot can be a bit contrived, but since it usually serves to get to more action, I can forgive that. Burroughs's writing, while still engaging, is a little stilted by today's standards. And it doesn't end with Tarzan getting Jane. That's the story of "The Return of Tarzan". Not ending in a book ALWAYS bugs me. I hate cliffhangers. I don't need to be blackmailed to read the next one. You can read this book and enjoy it without reading the others. Still, even the great Edgar Rice Burroughs loses a star for this flaw because I REALLY HATE CLIFFHANGERS. Sorry, Eddie. Do yourself a favor and pick this up. It might ruin you for other so-called adventure stories, but it's worth it
1	One of the best books on tai chi This book presents the 24 and 48 posture tai chi form. The 24 move form is good for busy people, but the 48 move form is even better because it combines movements from the 3 most popular styles of tai chi, Yang, Wu, and Chen, so the student gets some background in each. At 150 pages long in large paperback format, this book packs a lot of info between the covers. For example, I learned that in addition to the Wu style, there is also a W'u style, which I didn't know, although I've studied both Yang and Wu style tai chi. The author gives a brief introduction to tai chi in the first chapter, discussing basic concepts and information, then proceeds to some classical Taoist philosophy. He also tells some interesting stories about the founder and his sons, who had many adventures and exploits, and various stories and legends have grown up around them. Next there is a separate chapter on chi gung, a subject that has become almost a requirement for a tai chi book, I notice. However, most of the book is taken up by athe chapter showing the martial applications and the 48 move form. Dozens of applications are shown, and the photos are clear and easy to understand. I found this the most enjoyable part of the book, as there are still postures I don't know all applications for, such as snake creeps down, and the author presented one on that. There is a chapter on guidelines for tai chi practice that gives detailed instructions for how to use the different parts of the body, from the eyes to the feet in performing the form. I found this useful because sometimes I still forget some of the fine details of how to hold the body when I do the form. Finally, there are several appendices which provide a list of the 24 and 48 postures and their translations, a glossary on Chinese terms that is more complete than most, and a brief bibliography for further reading. The book is well written and easy to understand even when discussing some of the more abstract and esoteric principles. There are two mini-biographies of each other, two prefaces by two different masters, and a preface by the notable Dr. Yang Jwing Ming
0	I might use a total of two tricks... I hate leaving bad reviews of things because I know someone is trying to make money and I don't want to hinder that. Truth is that the concept of this book was exactly what I was looking for, but it didn't have anything special in it. I might use a total of two tricks. Most of the things just come off as stupid or little clever games (i.e. with matches)... but very little magic or tricks
1	Delightfully Delicious Not only does Kathy Casey's Northwest Table have delightfully delicious recipes it is a great read. The photos are amazing and remind me how grateful I am to live here in the Northwest. I look forward to using each recipe. The articles along with the recipes give me further insight on the food I am preparing, helping me to better understand food and to be a more educated chef! She has a unique artistic talent that should be shared with all!
0	should be titled " collecting American pocket watches".. The book is well written, and is primarely about watches produced in the USA, and pocket watches at that. There are a lot of illustrations, and describtions of most of the principles of the art of watchmaking
1	Holy vs. Whole Mention the word "sadism" and the results it produces will vary from an embarrassed Victorian blush to righteous indignation that such things should exist at all, not to mention it being a topic for discussion among proper and civilized human beings. Yet to Thomas Moore, a former monk and Jungian analyst and writer, it is precisely this topic that needs to be explored mentally, even spiritually, in order to prevent it from erupting into anti-social, or even criminal acts in the flesh. Examining the writings of the infamous Marquis de Sade, Moore delves into the healing role of de Sade that digs deeper than the surface appearance of de Sade as pornographer to find value in what is cursorily dismissed as naught but tasteless perversion. According to Moore's analysis of de Sade's writing, the virgin needs the libertine to complement her chastity, as much as he needs her pristine purity to define who he is. Yet, a deeper understanding of Moore's treatise on de Sade reveals that wholeness is the object of the soul's journey, and that experiencing the self as holy--at the expense of being whole-- unjustly deprives the psyche of its completion. He believes that every human being should be in touch with his Sadean side-- at least mentally-- for human potential not explored is what cripples the soul. Just as there is no stick that has but one end, human potential and creativity must at least acknowledge, without necessarily favoring, the dark side of the psyche so that it's full complexity can be known and appreciated. For Moore, as well as for de Sade, the perverse side of the personna that is forbidden to manifest itself mentally becomes the powerful driving force for enactment in the psycho-socially mal-adjusted person. It is perhaps society's denial of our own dark eros that enrages and offends most when we see it demonstrated in others, for that denial surely perverts any attempt at self-knowledge, and forces the soul to assume a posture of balance and completeness that is false,lame, and ultimately unhealthy. Moore hints that without personal aknowledgment of the darker depths of our psyches, as de Sade so blatantly illuminates, we cannot hope to soar to our greatest heights, for what we resist persists, and the chains of denial keep us tethered to terra firma instead of flying the limitless skies of our Divinity. This book is not a quick read, nor is it for the judgmental or faint of heart. It requires time, and a certain willingness examine our own depths, not favoring the dark, forbidden aspects of our psyche, but rather admitting that a Sadean dark eros lies hale and hearty within us all, waiting to be revealed to honest introspection for spiritual growth through courage of heart.
1	Loved It!! However...... I would have liked the hero's character, Diaz, to be developed a little more. He was dark, mysterious, and sexy but even his face wasn't described very well. I couldn't form an image in my mind of what he looked like, like I could with Milla. The story, however, was awesome. I couldn't put it down and my heart ached for Milla. What a read. I would recommend it to anyone!!!
1	Easy to Understand, Hard to Put Down This book is a brilliant example of mathematics at it's best. It is from Scientific American, so you know you can trust it. And it is written at an understandable level, quite a feat for many very complex topics. The book features incredible illustrations, every concept is laid out in a colorful image. If you like the works of M.C. Escher, you will like this book. It has a lot of substance to it, and it will keep you busy thinking for a long time, and that's time well spen
0	Not near what I thought it would be I was taken aback by how convoluted and overreaching this text was. I guess I expected more. I found myself having to read and reread certain paragraphs and sections of this book just to understand what Telford was attempting to say. I found his open hostility toward the traditional position of inerrancy troubling. One reviewer says that Work "shows how the paradigm of inerrancy is fatally flawed." He shows no such thing. He approaches the discussion and falls flat in his efforts. One way to make your point it to denigrate your opponent. This he did do. He seemed to imply that all who believe in inerrancy are lowbrow fundamentalists. Ultimately, Work's overhaul (i.e., paradigm shift) for viewing the Word of God was simply over the top and without warrant. I note that this book came out in November 2001, but I have yet to see Bible colleges and seminaries adopting Work's new paradigm and dialect, and with a sales ranking of 711,096, his book is likely not going to usher in his "new paradigm.
1	Transcendental This is the 3rd & culminating text of Jung's CW trilogy on alchemy (see CW11 Psychology & Alchemy & CW12 Alchemical Studies before reading this one). Jung obviously devoted considerable time & effort into the study of alchemy--because he perceived an amazing parallel with his theories/model of the psyche & the process of individuation. I think it amazed him that the alchemists intuitively evoked such general principles of transcendental alchemy prior to the development of western science--indeed, they were simultaneously immersed in this development such that modern chemistry evolved from it. Oddly, some are now advocating the use of chemicals (drugs) in lieu of psychology--e.g. for schizophrenia. Maybe the tail is wagging the horse? Of course, this is a difficult text. The alchemical series may be the most difficult of Jung's already difficult texts. But, as Jung demonstrated himself, sometimes the way to learn is to just jump in feet first--absorb as you can. Eventually, the material will start to sink in--subconsciously if not consciously. Give it a whirl. This text also has some VERY interesting quotes: p. 82 "There is something serious in every joke. p. 125 If one does not understand a person, one tends to regard him as a fool. p. 200 It seems as if Christianity had been from the outset the religion of chronic squabbles, and even now it does everything in its power never to let the squabbles rest. Remarkably enough, it never stops preaching the gospel of neighborly love. p. 376 The creative mystic was ever a cross for the Church, but it is to him that we own what is best in humanity...'where there is no vision, the people perish...The mystics are channels through which a little knowledge of reality filters down into our human universe of ignorance and illusion: A totally unmystical world would be a world totally blind and insane...the few theocentric saints who exist at any given moment are able in some slight measure to qualify and mitigate the poisons which society generates within itself by its political and economic activities. In the gospel phrase, theocentric saints are the salt which preserves the world from decay.' (quoting Aldous Huxley in Grey Eminence 1943, pp. 98, *296. p. 487 Fantasies always mean something when they are spontaneous. p. 519 Never do human beings speculate more, or have more opinions, than about things which they do not understand. p. 536 Nothing changes anything else without itself being changed." How profound can you get
0	Disappointed I picked up this book after reading about it on the Simple Living network, which I found as an outgrowth of my interest in the work of the late Joe Dominguez and Vicki Robin and their work &quot;Your Money or Your Life&quot;. Unlike Mr. Dominguez and Ms. Robin, who manage to lay out an actual plan for simple living, Ms. Andrews chooses to ramble and rail against consumerism. After reading Dominguez, this book is disjointed, preachy and quite frankly, bad. That's not so say that Ms. Andrews doesn't have some good ideas. She does, but as with so many anecdotal books, they're not the basis for changing your life in any significant way. If you live an environmentally sensitive life, Ms. Andrews will certainly make you feel good about yourself, but if your goal is to simplify your life, you could do better than spending time on this book
1	She's Right - It Could Happen to You This is an honest, funny, and sweet memoir of pregnancy and the first year as a parent. Brockenbrough takes us along on her journey as she lives the ups and downs of life as a new parent. It's sometimes funny, sometimes endearing, but always entertaining. Brockenbrough is not as outrageous as Jenny McCarthy, which is a good thing, because her book will appeal to everyone. It could be you in this book, for all intents and purposes, and reading someone else's first experience with parenthood is sure to arm a new mom with insights and hope.
0	The Theory of Everything: The Origin and Fate of the Univers It has come to our attention that the book "The Theory of Everything: The Origin and Fate of the Universe" has been published. Professor Hawking would like to make it clear that he has not endorsed this book. The text was written by him many years ago, however the material has already been published in books such as 'A Brief History of Time'. A complaint was made to the Federal Trade Commission in the US in the hope that they would prevent the publication. We would urge you not to purchase this book in the belief that Professor Hawking was involved in its creation.
0	Too much This book places too much emphasis on spending money instead of eating...well if we all had money to burn that would be a wonderful lifestyle. Read "The Fat Fallacy" instead, it provides much more practical information
0	A Painful and Slow Read This book reads like a graduate thesis. It manages to bury interesting ideas with overly drawn out explanations and arguments. Each chapter should be pared down to a third of its length, but I recommend not finding out for yourself; spend your money elsewhere
1	What It All Means..... As David Catrow tells us in his introduction, "...For me, the Constitution is a kind of how-to book, showing us ways to have happiness, safety, and comfort...", and he uses his immeasurable talents as an artist and cartoonist to teach an inspirational and unforgettable lesson that is sure to open interesting discussions at home and school. Following a glossary of what the actual words in the Preamble of the Constitution mean, (e.g. "IN ORDER TO FORM A MORE PERFECT UNION: To come together and make things better for everyone who lives in our country. INSURE DOMESTIC TRANQUILITY: To make sure we can all have a nice life and get along with one another. TO OURSELVES AND OUR POSTERITY: For kids, parents, other grown-ups, and all the people born in our country after we are."), Mr Catrow details the meaning of these important ideals, phrase by phrase, using his marvelously bold and busy cartoon illustrations. Each two page spread is a clever feast for the eyes, rich in engaging details, manic energy, and droll humor. Perfect for youngsters 8-12, We The Kids is a witty and memorable treasure, and one of the real winners of 2002 that shouldn't be missed
0	Oh Dear.... This book doesn`t compare very well with any other recipe books you will have seen - there are no pictures of the finished dishes for a start. A lot of the "celebrities" you won`t have heard of - that shouldn`t matter if the recipes are good. Its a very American book and doesn`t travel well; the quantities are measured in "cups", oven temps quoted in Fahrenheit only and products not available anywhere else (what are "graham crackers"??) There are lists at the back of bands with food names and songs with food names (brilliant journalism girls) and the authors thank you pages are hilarious - thanking their cats and themselves for the joy-filled experience of working with each other. I realise a recipe book has to have some simple ones included, but Hot Rod Hot Dogs - buy some hot dog sausages, buy some white buns, add some relish and mustard. Enjoy! Peanutbutter on Toast Sandwiches, buy some peanutbutter, toast some bread. Enjoy! They`re having a laugh, aren`t they? But this book is supporting a charity. It doesn`t actually say how much of the proceeds are going to Freedom From Hunger, just "some".....so I suggest you give your donation directly to the charity instead of buying thi
1	roswell high Rosewell high is any ordinary high school, but the only thing is that you don't know what's really happening. There are 7 caracters theire names are Max, Liz, Maria, Alex, Michael, Kyle, Sherif Valenti, and Isabel. Max, Liz, Maria, Isabel, Michael, sherif valenti are the main main caracters. Max always liked liz and when she was shoot in the stomach max healed her and she thought she was going to die and he told her to lie and she did and after she went to his house and she asked him how and he told her he was an alien and she freaked out. So he thinks she hates him until later. Liz never liked him but wounce she found out she found this urge to just fall in love with him and do everything to save his life. Max, isabel, micheal, and maria are all aliens and hopes that liz dosent tell sherif valenti about theire discovery.I would really recommend this book to all ages
1	Speaking of whining... To: Rat After spending my entire adult life as a working single mother, I find your whining about mothers as "the most priveleged class" uninformed, if not downright ludicrous. You feel you have to do all of their work for them while they lazily sit around the house? I have never personally spent "years on leave". Although, I have covered countless shifts for my hungover or broken-hearted, childless co-workers, and have only stayed home with a sick child about 5 times in 13 years. I have taken on more [...], covered more [...] and put up with more bull than I deserved, because as the sole support of my child, I couldn't risk losing my job. I have been an employer's bargain! Furthermore, Rat -- you clearly do not understand the concept of flex time. Flex time doesn't mean somebody works less hours than you. Flex time means there is an inherent flexibility built into EVERYONE'S work schedule, so that work gets done, but life can happen to. You are probably familiar with this concept in reality -- have you ever skipped lunch so you could leave early to go to the dentist? In the future, please try to wrap your brain around the bigger picture before you jump to such conclusions
1	Love these books! I recently discovered this author and went out of my way to find the other books in this series. Good book
1	Terrific, Insightful Book I think some of the negative impressions of this book stem from the fact that people were expecting something different from "Joe Bob Briggs." Well, the truth is that before he was Joe Bob's, real name is John Bloom and he was (and is) a fantastic award winning investigative journalist. His serious side really shines here. He has written a very accessible, erudite and enjoyable book of criticism here, and his critiques of these challenging films still resides within a moral frame work. He strikes a balance here that I think few critics could pull off given the subject matter. But mainly it's just a great read, even for those that aren't necessarily film buffs. The generous and well-done layout is also worth commending. I highly recommend.
0	Disappointing !! I found this book a truly disapointment !! When i started the book , the story of Abby and Lucian was so intense , so passionate that i thought i was going to love it . Then the book advances to this days with the story of Declan and Lena , and it was ugelly disapointing !! They don't have anything in commun with Abby and Lucian !! Lena and Declan , they don't work as a couple in love ; to me they was no chemestry or anything between them . I only read the book till the end because i wanted to know how it was going to end with Abby and Lucian , but that too was a little beyond what i thought it was going to be , they deserv a better ending , i don't now how but that was not what i expected !
0	Love for a Lifetime: Building a Marriage That Will Go the Distance I found this book to not only be shallow and poorly written, but also insidiously demeaning to women. Rather than focusing on the individual strengths and weaknesses men and women bring to relationships, the author focused on the weakness and instability of women. In addition, his examples and analogies were often misplaced and poorly devised... certainly not illustrative of his points or of a healthy marriage. I found the content much too general with overuse of stereotypes. My fiancee and I have read Chapman's Five Love Languages and got a great deal more out of that exercise
1	Amazing This is a great book. It is written for the common person that may not be all too interested in history. I could hardly put it down. After having to read hundreds of tedious history books for my degree, it was nice to read something with a bit of emotion. While he cannot be 100% accurate all the time it is still very good for people who want a swift read about WWII soldiers
0	Save your money and just write. I like readable prose. This is more like poetry with meaning that must be disciphered or intuited. I am disappointed and am sending the book back. I bought it on the basis of the first reviewer but it didn't impress me as much. I think it would be better to write rather than read more esoteric writing about writing. I would pass on this one
0	Not clever, not funny As he does in his columns, Mr. Tierney demonstrates here grave literary weakness. There is no reason that this book should ever have appeared. I cannot imagine even the dullest mind finding it interesting or amusing. The man is talentless
1	Very practical - Sound building techniques A sound and sensible approach to building workstations for your shop. If you have the perspective (as I do) that workstations are inthemselves "tools", you will find this book valuable
0	Trite dialogue, zero description I thought this book was terrible. I don't understand why people think this author is so amazing (unless they have really low IQ's). Yes the subject matter was interesting but the delivery was very poor. I showed it to a friend of mine and she said, "She writes like she learned to write from watching TV." The novel is all dialogue and very little description, which doesn't equal up to an interesting read for me. There was little suspense, I was not sympathetic to the main character, and the attempt at romance was a joke. You want some real suspense in a mystery revolving around the legal system? Go read Grisham
0	Not What I Expected I ordered this book because I really like to cook and love legumes and my pressure cooker. Perhaps I should have looked elsewhere. The recipes in here are nicely put together with the nutrition information and there is quite a bit of information on legumes. However, I found that there were too many Southwestern Chili type recipes for my taste. If you like to make chili and lots of Mexican and Southwestern inspired dishes this might be the cookbook for you. That is not to say that there aren't some Mediterranean and Caribbean inspired recipes but it just seems that the Tex-Mex and Southwestern flavors beat out the others. Also, I happen to loathe margarine and avoid it at all costs. I love to cook and would much rather use less butter or a combination of canola oil and butter or olive oil or even an olive oil spray -- anything but margarine. Not only does this cookbook call for margarine specifically, but diet margarine. In the same vein I understand that the author is an M.S., R.D. but I really don't think there is a need to use Fat-Free Dressing for everything. I also didn't like that one of the recipes called for onion soup mix. I have never purchased onion soup mix and try my best not to purchase lots of processed foods. Thus, I get very uneasy when a cookbook uses these types of ingredients. One more irksome tidbit was the fact that there weren't any recipes or mention of other beans such as the anasazi, adzuki, flageolet, cranberry to name a few. This cookbook might not be the best cookbook for someone looking for a wider repertoire of legume recipes than your Better Homes and Gardens Cookbook can offer
1	Last King of Scotland Very good, but don't expect the movie. Quite a few changes.
0	Charlie should have burned the manuscript! I've read a lot of Stephen King's work, and loved most of it, but 'Firestarter' was a big letdown! It's not quite in the 'abomination' category of 'From a Buick 8', but at least King could blame that one on his car accident. This one is probably only about as good as 'The Tommyknockers.' The premise is great, but once it gets away from 'Andy and Charlie on the run', and becomes 'The Life Story of Tom Rainbird', it goes downhill very quickly! Not to knock King too much, but as this books goes along, it seems obvious that SK was losing interest, either because he found the two lead characters too limiting for whatever reason, and wanted to 'explore' the supporting characters more; or simply because this book came out fairly early in King's career, when he was known to partake of certain 'substances' which he later swore off! Worth reading only if you really want to read every SK novel. Otherwise, just be glad that nearly every book he wrote after this one(with the exception of the two mentioned above) surpasses 'Firestarter'
1	Contagious! If reading is a disease then this book will give it to you. Manguel's insights and passion for this remarkable human experience will keep you glued to the page
0	Definitely One Star!!! I was extremely disappointed with this book. It was not what I expected and I was bored 95% of the time
1	A Must Read for history enthusiasts Sheldon Stern has presented a harrowing study of one of the most dangerous events in World History - The Cuban Missile Crisis. In his book, The Week the World Stood Still: Inside the Secret Cuban Missile Crisis, we are presented with an event whose story line reads like it was written by a Robert Ludlum-like mystery writer, this story, however, was frighteningly true history. With the careful, thoughtful, and thorough research that is Mr. Stern's trademark, the reader is presented with the complete inside story of that fateful week. This is a must read for, not only students, but adults as well. Kudos
1	The Type of Work History Needs More of. The Great Warpath is a comprehensive integration of archaeology and history, the type of book history needs more of to make past subject matter more tangible and believable. Ironically, there are surprisingly few works which supplement history with archaeology or vice-versa. With The Great Warpath Starbuck fills the vacancy as he carefully balances the two fields and raises archaeology to a new level of importance. Specifically, the book deals with British Military history in the late 18th century as Starbuck interprets it from his many years as an archaeologist. All the major sights of the French and Indian War in New York State are covered, as well as a few sights from the American Revolution. The Great Warpath refers to the Hudson River, the main corridor in New York State, along which military engagements of the French and Indian War, and the American Revolution occured. Undoubtedly, The Great Warpath has something to offer every military historian who is not satisfied solely with the limits of written history
1	Leave reality at the door This is not a typical read for me, but I enjoyed it. I read the first 148 pages wondering if this was going to be a waste of time, but when I hit chapter 44, I read the rest of the book in one sitting. Loved Max, Frannie, Kit & all the others. Looking forward to reading "The Lake House"
1	Loved it! It was a good book, but I thought it was a woman for a long time because of the depth of thought. Men just don't think like that, and the author put too much thought process into everything
1	Not a feel good parenting memoir In our house we call somebody like Rachel a Whineramer. She really knows how to complain. But she writes so well, you don't care. She had one passage where she describes the ideal (and unlikeliness) of the baby bottle coming out of the sterilizer, getting filled and passing to the baby's mouth without being contaminated. Funny stuff. I found the book to be empowering. I felt as a parent, I was just a little better than she was. That is her gift. Like Jesus, Rachel crucifies herself as a crummy mother so that the rest of us can feel OK about ourselves
0	Animals deserve only love and tenderness Animals should NEVER receive negative punishment (physical or mental). Why should you, when the positive reinforcemt methods have poved to work so well and makes your animal obey you out of respect and not out of fear as the negative reinforcement does? The use of negative reinforcemt stems from a lack of true understanding of canine psychology (as it is utterly unnecessary) and a need to be sadistic. As a veterinarian and animal lover, I strongly advise against this book
1	A Wierd Masterwork A exquisite exotic, as terrible in beauty, and sweet in dreamworlds as any penned since Poe, very much it's shadow. Vance weaves a world as bejeweled in color and fantastique as readers could imagine, in a earth perched at the end of time, while the sun sputters its last gasp. Magic rules, and poor Cugel, its hero wanders from the lilac-flavoured poisons of Mazirian's garden to the autumn-cut glass palaces of the Dying Earth. He is betrayed, bewitched, and perplexed by his environs, all to our joy, and such is his adventures that we hope for more, but it takes a genius such as Vance to realize it. Some say NIGHT LAMP is his last, but his readers, his children, will reimagine the lost lands of this book long after he is gone, perhaps to the end of this incredible, dream-haunted journey
1	A witty, tongue-in-cheek romp. Out on the Rim starts out delightfully enough. The year is 1986, the place Washington, D.C. Sixty year old counterterrorism expert Booth Stallings is hired by persons unknown to deliver a $5 million bribe to a troublesome Filipino rebel leader. But Stallings does not see himself as a mere delivery boy. He'd much rather get his hands permanently on the 5 million. Knowing he'll need some help and after consulting with his lawyer son-in-law, he takes on as partners Artie Wu and Quincy Durant. Two lifelong friends who know their way around both the Far East and other people's money. By the time he gets to Manila, Stallings finds that he has four partners, not two. You see, a con man named Otherguy Overby and an ex-Secret Service agent named Georgia Blue have cleverly insinuated themselves into the mix. Out on the Rim is an entertaining and complex tale of intrigue. There's plenty of double crossing and lots of unexpected alliances turn up. In fact, about two thirds of the way through, the complications start to get a bit out of hand. And that is the book's main flaw. Written with wit and urbane humor, Out on the Rim is deliciously engaging. But the number of twists and turns could have been 50% less without detracting at all from the fun.
0	More colonel and less general I have read many books on WWII from many perspectives and have been to visit the D-Day beaches four times. I cannot visit the American graves in Normandy without being moved. Twice I have had the experience of hearing taps played near Omaha Beach. I have the utmost respect for all those who fought and died. I had high expectations for the book. My problem is that the book never finds its voice. At times it is the four star general writing with his perspective of high and at other times it is the young colonel leading his men. I wanted to hear more from this man. Just as he starts to share, the general leaps in and throws off the narrative. Let the colonel talk about his artillery missions and show me more of how his experience was different. (A few photos and maps would be nice). If the general needs to talk, give him a separate chapter at the end of the book. We hear from the privates and generals but not the majors and colonels. Their voices could add to the history. I wish the colonel would have spoken for them
0	Kroeger endorses "one drop" myth Kroeger's selection of David Matthews as a supposed "passer" is racist. Matthews, unlike the other subjects of this book, was truly "passing" for what he really was. He was born of a Jewish mother and has predominately white ancestry. That qualifies him to call himself both a "Jew" and a "white." Kroeger implies that he isn't good enough to be either. For the other side of this "passing" issue, read: "Passing" For Who You Really Are: Twelve Essays in Support of Multiracial Whiteness http://www.backintyme.com/Ad222.htm http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0939479222/backintyme-20/103-3968075-455503
1	Great Purchase There was no marks in the whole book, and the price was great
1	Best thing I ever read! If you really want to work on your personal and spiritual growth, you will read this book. The author makes it so easy to understand and implement these agreements into your life
0	Complete and Utter Fluff There's no spark whatsoever in Spark. If you're interested in the subject of co-creation read Eric von Hippel's Democratizing Innovation instead. http://being-reasonable.com/index.php/weblog/permalink/a_spark_that_wont_light_anyones_fire
1	Worth it just for the pictures But the simple drawing technique is also useful. Great if you want to paint or draw expressively. The pictures are inspiring
0	Missed the mark I am a Nevada Barr fan and was unfortunately disappointed with "High Country." The story takes place in a restaurant (boring). The characters were dull and I kept getting them confused. Anna's constant thinking of how old she feels is tiresome. I also missed Anna's sister, Molly, who is only mentioned a few times in the book. Sorry, but I really can't recommend this book as a good read. If you want to get a feel for a real Anna Pigeon adventure, pick up "Track of the Cat" or "Liberty Falling.
0	Left me empty My kids started reading the Left Behind Kids books, and because I was concerned about the message and theology of the books, I started reading them also. Then I decided to check out the "adult" books from the library. I am a born-again, pentacostal believer in Jesus Christ, and parts of the theology are not what I read in the Bible. OK. I can stil enjoy a good book, one with interesting characters, realistic dialogue, and a good plot. The issue of plot is difficult for the Left Behind books, I admit, because we know who wins if we've read the end of the New Testament. As to the rest, it fell flat. Most of the dialogue didn't ring true. After a few of the books, I was interested in some of the characters, but by the end of the books, there were only a few of the original characters left, and they were some of the least interesting to begin with. How many times do we have to read through the same sermons from the exact same scriptures in Revelation? How many times do they have to tell us about the almost affair that someone had back in Book 1? There is nothing new and interesting in this book. The last book is just boring. It would have been nice, at the end of the book, to wrap up everything. Jesus comes back, and everyone should be reunited at the end after the battle is over, right? Some of the characters that were important early in the books are either barely mentioned or not mentioned at all. It was an incredible let down. I felt like I had invested in these books only to see what life would be like for everyone after the battles are over. Nothing. We stick with that one main guy, and everyone else is left in the dust. It should have had a really, really happy ending, but even that was boring. If I had my time back, I would stick to the kid versions, if only to discuss theological issues with my children. At least in the kid books, the sermons are shorter. And I will know not to get my hopes up for happy reunions at the end of the series
1	A Vision of a Fundamentalist's Dream If anyone wants to know what living in post-revolution Iran is like for a woman, this is the book. Great detail is given to how the messages of western literature apply to life in the theocratic totalitarian state. The scariest thing, for me, is how closely the vision of Iran held by muslim extremists conforms to the stated vision of the U.S. held by christian extremists. This touched me with reality the way The Handmaid's Tale by Margaret Atwood touched me with fictional possibility. I have to say that I felt undereducated where her literary criticisms came in
0	Very little information about strings This book was a disappointment, while there is some excellent background on the structure of matter and quantum mechanics, there is very little on the topic of superstrings. In reading through it, I got the impression that the segments on strings were an afterthought, something that needed to be mentioned but in no great detail. If you need some knowledge of quantum mechanics and the historical development of the understanding of matter, then this book is worth reading. However, if your interest is first and foremost that of the current theories of strings and superstrings, then quite frankly this book is not worth your time and money.
0	Too many errors and a typical neo-confederate bias of author I bought this book on the recommendation of several people that I know pretty well, unfortunately, this book is filled with errors upon errors and is filled with a typical neo-confederate bias by the author. In fact, the book should be called "How confederates saved America" as he gives the credit for the peaceful return of the confederate armies to confederate generals such as Lee, Johnson and Forrest, rather than on Lincoln's instructions to Grant and Sherman and generous terms known as the River Queen Doctrine, "I want no one punished; treat them liberally all around. We want those people to return to their allegieance to the United States and submit to the laws". His errors are numerous. He talks of the possibility of the confederates disbanding their armies and moving into the hills and waging a guerilla warfare against the US troops and sights examples of how successful this tactic has been throughout time and he includes in these examples the American Revolution. He states that Francis Marion, Thomas Sumter and Andrew Pickens(who all could be called partisans or guerilla fighters), but then he goes on to state that Nathaniel Greene was a guerilla fighter as well. Now only someone completely ignorant of US Army history could ever make such a statement. Nathaniel Greene served in the Continental Army and was the Quartermaster General, he was in no way a guerilla, nor did he use guerilla tactics. He continues on that Greene used guerilla tactics in battle at Kings Mountain and Cowpens and Guilford Courthouse. Besides the basic fact that Greene wasn't even at the battles of Kings Mountain and Cowpens, neither one could be said to be guerilla attacks. At Kings Mountain, the American militia found Patrick Ferguson and his men well entrenched in defenses at the crest of the mountain and formed up and attacked the positions, hardly a guerilla tactic. Cowpens was fought by Daniel Morgan and was a set piece battle where he destroyed Tarleton's legion. Greene attacked Cornwallis at Guilford Courthouse in another set piece battle and was winning until Cornwallis took the extreme measure of firing canister directly into the center of the two massed armies, killing and wounding as many of his own men as he did Americans. None of these battles were guerilla fighting and Greene in no way can be called a guerilla. The author shows his neo-confederate bias most clearly by restating the apocryphal stories of rape, theft and outright murder by Sherman's troops during the Savannah and Carolina Campaigns as matter of historical facts. He continually paints the Federals in the worst of lights, while reserving his highest praise and most eloquent prose for the confederates. He incorrectly quotes Sherman when he claims Sherman said "Sherman himself explained that in his march, he inflicted an astonishing $100 million worth of damage, of which only $20 million was necessary, the rest being "simply waste and destruction"". He clearly is slanting his own words to convince people that Sherman was in fact "the devil" as the neo-cons believe he is. Unfortunately, what he CLAIMS Sherman said has no relation to what he actually said. From the Official Records, Vol 44, page 13; in Sherman's report on his campaign to the War Dept, he states "I estimate the damage done to the State of Georgia and its military resources at $100,000,000; at least, $20,000,000 of which has inured to our advantage, and the remainder is simple waste and destruction." Sherman does not, as Mr. Winik claims state that only $20 million was necessary, what Sherman said was that his army confiscated and USED(inured means to use) $20 million worth of the property and destroyed the remaining $80 million of confederate civilian and private property that was going to be used against the armed forces of the United States. If you are a confederate "lost causer" then you will enjoy this novel, however, if you are looking for historical truth, then you should read a different book. William Hal
1	The Longest Winter Outstanding book. I was lucky enough to meet Lyle Bouck. I can honestly say, he is one of the finest men I have ever had a chance to meet. There is no reason this man should not have won the Medal of Honor. A great read, and excellent job on telling the story of these heros
0	NOT anywhere near as good as the movie. I realize that by writing this review I'll probably have a fatwa issued against me by the comic book fan community, but this graphic novel was a major disappointment. I came to it because I liked the movie so much. I found it to be misogynistic and tedious to read (entire paragraphs of text repeated, as if the writer couldn't think of enough to fill out his story). The artwork was ugly. The plot lines were sometimes hard to swallow, characters' motivations not believable. It was the spark of a great idea that the movie producer(s) turned into something excellent
1	awesome read A look inside the real world of modeling and it's past and present stars. TONS of information about the history of modeling in here. It drags on a little bit at times but is otherwise very interesting and entertaining. I'd def recommend it to anyone in the biz or interested in becoming a part of it. :
1	Beautifully done! Elizabeth Strout comes back better than ever with this wonderfully written story. A family subsumed by grief, confined by societal norms, is able to, in their own way, overcome obstacles and begin to find the true meaning of love. Unfortunately, the ending didn't quite live up to the rest of the book, but still well worth a read
0	Subtitled "Hire Gallup" We use Gallup at my workplace. Gallup is an excellent organization and we're better for working with them. However, this was too much. It's not a book. It's a brochure. Their Engagement Index is brilliant, but you can skim the other 260 pages without missing anything important.
0	decorating.....not i ordered this book to give me some ideas and decorating tips, what i got are pictures of old flea market items, that have nothing to do with each other. didn't help a bit, and truthfully if it didn't cost so much to return, i'd return it in a second
0	Oops -- Honan's Errors I found 23 factual errors in Honan's book -- when I mentioned this to someone I was told that a reader in Virginia had found 142. There are much better biographies of Jane Austen out there -- for starters, no one has yet surpassed Elizabeth Jenkins', first published in the 1930s, and a fine recent one, a good introduction to JA's life, is Maggie Lane's latest, Jane Austen's World. Don't be put off by the fact that it is slick and, as they say, richly illustrated -- it's readable, sound and remarkably complete despite its size
0	lame OK, Mr. Koontz, Could you please write a book that is not about dogs and how they are proof of god's existence. This lame theme is more like preaching than entertainment. Leave your retarded religious beliefs out of your books and maybe your stories will be good again. Your novels used to be thriling page turners about survival...now they are just lame religious stories about god and dogs. What has happened to you, Mr. Koontz? Are you losing your mind? Have fun at church...and don't forget to donate another $1,000 to President Bush. I refuse to read any novel of yours that was written after '95 or so. That seems to be around the time that you became a kook
1	Synonym/antonym: Socialism and Democracy We are so conditioned to the fix put on the left by the Leninist tradition that we forget the crucial role of the left in the 'forging of democracy' as recounted in this history in a 'slow but steady' account that accumulates telling detail. Once there were liberals who weren't democrats and then the left, in the wake of the failures of 1848, proceeded to the course corrections we now take for granted, no thanks to the liberals who weren't democrats, now democrats, by name at least, denouncing socialism by a Leninist standard where the term was a demand for real democracy.
1	design essential I return to this book over and over as a reference for the design of play environments
1	My kids love it !!! When I play this audiotape in the car, my kids want to play the same games as the kids on the tape. It quiets them down. I give them a choice of this tape and childrens tapes and they always say, &quot;Let's do ICPS&quot;. That stands for I Can Problem-Solve, the names of the games on this tap
